Love is Sacrificial Action
爱是一种牺牲行为

I took my 9-year-old daughter, and 5-year-old son, Robbie to the shopping center. As we got to the “Petting Zoo” in the shopping center, the kids jumped up and asked, “Daddy, can we go?”

我带着9岁的女儿和5岁的儿子罗比去购物中心。当我们到达购物中心的“宠物动物园”时，孩子们跳起来问:“爸爸，我们能去吗?”

Both my wife and I were out of work.  However, I said, “Sure”, giving them 5 yuan each. They went away, leaving only 10 yuan in my pocket (口袋). 

我和妻子都失业了。但我说“没问题”，给了他们每人5块钱。他们走了，我口袋里只剩下10元钱。

In the Petting Zoo, kids can pay and play with a hundred of little animals while their parents shop. 

在宠物动物园里，当父母购物时，孩子们可以花钱和一百只小动物一起玩。

A few minutes later, I saw Susan walking along behind me. I was surprised and asked why she didn't go to play with the little animals. 

几分钟后，我看见苏珊在我身后走着。我很惊讶，问她为什么不去和小动物们玩。

She said sadly, “Well, Daddy, a ticket for Petting Zoo costs 10 yuan. So I gave Robbie my 5 yuan. ”Then she said the most beautiful thing I had ever heard. She told me the family motto(座右铭): Love is SACRIFICIAL(牺牲的) Action. 

她悲伤地说:“嗯，爸爸，一张宠物动物园的票要10元。所以我给了罗比5元钱。然后她说了一句我听过的最动听的话。她告诉我她的家庭格言:爱是牺牲行动。

I knew Susan loves animals very much…

我知道苏珊非常喜欢动物……

I was moved(感动的).  We went back to the Petting Zoo. While Susan stood there and watched Robbie playing with the animals happily, I put my hand into my pocket and took out the money. Sure, I must do that!

我很感动我们回到了宠物动物园。苏珊站在那里，看着罗比和动物们快乐地玩耍，我把手伸进口袋，拿出钱来。当然，我必须这么做!

主旨大意：讲述了9岁女儿Susan为了让5岁的弟弟Robbie在宠物动物园多玩一会儿，把自己的那部分钱也给了他，失业中的父亲很感动，把仅剩的钱给了Susan。他们都在践行自己的完整家训——“爱是牺牲”。

标签：寓意哲理



语法点：

1. 年龄的表达：用XX-year-old表达年龄时，year要用单数形式，用-连接。5-year-old son。

2. as引导的时间状语从句：强调主句和从句的动作同时发生，也可强调动作的先后顺序

As we got to the “Petting Zoo” in the shopping center, the kids jumped up and asked, “Daddy, can we go? 此句强调到达之后，孩子们才跳起来问。

3. 非谓语动词：现在分词做状语。


Both my wife and I were out of work However, I said, “Sure”, giving them 5 yuan each.句中主语I和give在逻辑上是主动关系，所以用现在分词形式作状语，表伴随。

4. while引导的时间状语从句：强调主句的动作和从句的动作同时发生


In the Petting Zoo, kids can pay and play with a hundred of little animals while their parents shop.

5. 宾语从句：


I was surprised and asked why she didn't go to play with the little animals.引出后面要询问的内容。

6. 限制性定语从句：


Then she said the most beautiful thing I had ever heard.

先行词thing后接that引导的定语从句，关系词that充当从句中宾语的成分，此处可省略。



重点语言点：

take sb to...带某人去某地

both...and... 两者都

out of work 失业

go away 走开；离开

play with 和…玩

a few+可数名词的复数

see sb doing sth 看见某人做某事

give sb sth 给某人某物

watch sb doing sth 看某人正在做某事

go back to 返回