The Dental Growth Record
长牙记

Bonnie helps take care of her baby brother, Brady. He is only seven months old, but two little teeth start to grow through his bottom gums(牙龈). His gums hurt, so he cries sometimes. Bonnie gives Brady a cold washcloth to chew(咀嚼)on, which comforts Brady's gums and Bonnie's ears. Soon the two teeth will come out completely, and they won't hurt Brady's gums anymore. However, in a few months, more teeth will appear. 

邦妮帮忙照顾她的小弟弟布雷迪。他只有7个月大，但他的下牙龈开始长出两颗小牙齿。他牙床疼，所以有时会哭。邦妮给了布雷迪一块冷毛巾让他咀嚼，这可以安抚布雷迪的牙龈和邦妮的耳朵。很快，这两颗牙齿就会完全脱落，它们就不会再伤害布雷迪的牙龈了。然而，几个月后，更多的牙齿会出现。

Bonnie has another brother, Bertie, who is four. Like most kids of his own age, Bertie has 20 baby teeth in all. They will start to fall out when he is five or six, and his adult teeth will start to appear. Bertie has already begged (请求)Bonnie to tell him how much money the tooth fairy will bring for each baby tooth. 

邦妮还有一个弟弟，伯蒂，今年四岁。像大多数同龄的孩子一样，伯蒂总共有20颗乳牙。当他五六岁的时候，它们会开始脱落，他的恒牙会开始出现。伯蒂已经求邦妮告诉他牙仙子每颗乳牙能给他带来多少钱。

Bonnie is nine and knows all about the tooth fairy. She has lost eight of her own baby teeth and eight adult teeth have already grown in their places. By the time Bonnie is 12 or 13, she will have a total of 28 adult teeth. All her baby teeth will be gone. However, there will still be four more teeth called wisdom teeth(智齿) waiting to grow. Wisdom teeth start growing Under gums at age 10, but don't actually appear until around the age of 19 to 21. Most people have to have their wisdom teeth pulled because there is no room left in their mouths. Bonnie is glad she has a big mouth. 

邦妮九岁了，她知道关于牙仙子的一切。她掉了八颗乳牙，八颗恒牙已经长出来了。到邦妮十二三岁的时候，她总共会有28颗成年牙齿。她所有的乳牙都会掉光。然而，还有四颗被称为智齿的牙齿等待生长。智齿在10岁时开始在牙龈下生长，但实际上直到19到21岁左右才会出现。大多数人不得不拔掉智齿，因为他们的嘴里已经没有空间了。邦妮很庆幸：她的口腔空间大。

主旨大意：邦妮和她两个弟弟的长牙记录。邦妮还知道成年后还要长四颗智齿，大多数人因嘴巴空间小而被迫拔掉，邦妮庆幸自己有个大嘴。



长难句：
1. Bonnie gives Brady a cold washcloth to chew on, which comforts Brady's gums and Bonnie's ears.
主句是Bonnie gives Brady a cold washcloth to chew on, 从句是由which引导的非限制性定语从句which comforts Brady's gums and Bonnie's ears，解释说明a cold washcloth to chew on 的作用。

2. They will start to fall out when he is five or six, and his adult teeth will start to appear.
主句是They will start to fall out，从句是由when引导的时间状语从句when he is five or six, and his adult teeth will start to appear.
3. Bertie has already begged Bonnie to tell him how much money the tooth fairy will bring for each baby tooth.
主句是Bertie has already begged Bonnie to tell him，从句是由how much（特殊疑问词构成的词组）引导的宾语从句how much money the tooth fairy will bring for each baby tooth.

4. There will still be four more teeth called wisdom teeth waiting to grow.

句中包含there be 句型，且采用一般将来时态。



语法点：
1. which引导的非限制性定语从句：
Bonnie gives Brady a cold washcloth to chew on, which comforts Brady's gums and Bonnie's ears.其中which充当从句主语，引导完整的定语从句。
2. 名词充当同位语
Bonnie helps take care of her baby brother, Brady.逗号后出现名词，表示对上文的补充说明，Brady是邦妮的baby brother。

3. 时间状语从句

They will start to fall out when he is five or six, and his adult teeth will start to appear.when引导的时间状语从句表明“五、六岁，成年牙齿出现时，乳牙会脱落。”
4. 特殊疑问词引导的宾语从句
Bertie has already begged (请求)Bonnie to tell him how much money the tooth fairy will bring for each baby tooth. How much 引导的宾语从句使用半倒装语序，即：how much money用疑问句语序，the tooth fairy will bring for each baby tooth用陈述句语序。

5. there be 句型：
there will still be four more teeth called wisdom teeth waiting to grow.
6. 过去分词作定语：
there will still be four more teeth called wisdom teeth waiting to grow.其中called 表示：被叫做，限定前文的four more teeth waiting to grow。



重点语言点：
help do sth 帮助做某事
take care of sb 照顾某人
start to do sth 开始做某事
grow through 长出
give sb sth 给某人某物
chew on 咀嚼
come out 脱落；出版
not…anymore 不再

of one’s own age 同龄的
in all 总共
fall out脱落
beg sb to do sth 乞求某人做某事
bring for带来

by the time 到…时
a total of sth 某物的总数
four more teeth 另外四颗牙齿
have to do sth 不得不做某事
wisdom teeth 智齿
wait to do sth 等待做某事