Tai Chi
太极拳

If you walk through a park in the morning, you might see people doing these slow and graceful movements（优雅的动作）. Tai chi, an ancient martial art（武术）, is a common kind of exercise in China. 

如果你早上走过公园，你可能会看到人们在做这些缓慢而优雅的动作。太极拳，一种古老的武术，是中国一种常见的运动。

UNESCO recently added tai chi to its Intangible Cultural Heritage List（非物质文化遗产名录）. Many tai chi fans were happy to hear about this. 

联合国教科文组织最近将太极拳列入非物质文化遗产名录。许多太极迷听到这个消息都很高兴。

“This will make tai chi more popular around the world.  Hopefully more people will become healthier by practicing it,” said Chen Bin, a tai chi master（大师） from the village of Chenjiagou, Henan. This village is the birthplace of Chen-style tai chi. 

“这将使太极拳在世界各地更受欢迎。希望更多的人能通过练习太极拳变得更健康，”来自河南陈家沟村的太极拳大师陈斌说。这个村庄是陈式太极拳的发源地。

It's true that doing tai chi is good for our health. It can strengthen muscles（强壮肌肉）, help us walk and move more flexibly（灵活地）, and make our hearts stronger. 

的确，打太极对我们的健康有好处。它可以增强肌肉，帮助我们走路和运动更灵活，并使我们的心脏更强壮。

But tai chi is more than just a sport. “It carries traditional Chinese philosophy（哲学）, such as being in harmony（和谐） with nature and using softness to beat hardness, ” Chen said. 

但太极拳不仅仅是一项运动。陈说:“它承载了中国传统哲学，比如与自然和谐相处，以柔克刚。”

Over 100 million people in more than 150 countries practice tai chi today. It has become an icon（符号） of Chinese culture. 

如今，全球150多个国家有超过1亿人练习太极。它已经成为中国文化的标志。

主旨大意：太极拳作为一项对身心都有益的中国武术，被列入了非物质文化遗产名录。



长难句：

1.It carries traditional Chinese philosophy, such as being in harmony with nature and using softness to beat hardness, ”
本句为陈斌的直接引用，主句为It carries traditional Chinese philosophy,其中such as引导同位语，举例说明主句内容。



语法点：

1.动名词:
It carries traditional Chinese philosophy, such as being in harmony with nature and using softness to beat hardness, ”其中such as后跟名词作宾语，而动词use不能直接作宾语，所以要用动名词形式using。

2. 现在完成时：have/has+动词的过去分词
现在完成时表示一个过去发生的动作已经完成，并且对现在仍有影响。句子It has become an icon...中has become是现在完成时的用法，表示太极已经成为中国文化的标志，并且对现在有持续性影响。



重点语言点：

walk through 走过
see sb. doing sth. 看见某人做某事

hear about 听到

such as 比如
be in harmony with... 与...和谐相处