How to Keep a Healthy Lifestyle
怎样拥有一个健康的生活方式

What is a healthy lifestyle?Most students may give the answer, healthy food and more exercise. I agree with them, but I am sure that the answer is not enough. Here are some more ways I want to tell you. 

什么是健康的生活方式?大多数学生可能会给出答案，健康的食物和多锻炼。我同意他们的观点，但我确信答案是不够的。这里还有一些我想告诉你的方法。

Get active（积极的）

积极起来

This is the most important way of a healthy lifestyle. Walking, running, swimming and other sports will help you keep fit. 

这是健康生活方式最重要的方式。散步、跑步、游泳和其他运动可以帮助你保持健康。

If your job needs long hours of sitting, get up often and walk. Don't be lazy and it will stop your body and mind. Be active at your workplace, around your neighborhood and wherever possible. 

如果你的工作需要长时间坐着，那就经常站起来走走。不要懒惰，它会停止你的身体和思想。活跃在你的工作场所，你的邻居和任何可能的地方。

Keep clean

保持清洁

Keep the place around you clean. It is another way to make your life healthy. If you live in a dirty place, you may feel sick and get angry easily. 

保持周围环境清洁。这是另一种使你的生活健康的方式。如果你住在一个肮脏的地方，你可能会感到不舒服，很容易生气。

Eat healthily

吃得健康

Food is very important in our daily life. Eating more fruits and vegetables will be a good choice（选择）for you to have a healthy diet. Do not eat junk food, it is not good for your health. 

食物在我们的日常生活中非常重要。多吃水果和蔬菜将是一个很好的选择，让你有一个健康的饮食。不要吃垃圾食品，这对你的健康不好。

Live green

绿色生活

It is the easiest way to live a healthy lifestyle. Plant trees around your house, it not only makes your house beautiful but also makes your feelings good when you live there. What's more, try to save water and stop using things that are bad for the 【environment】. 

这是最简单的健康生活方式。在你的房子周围种植树木，这不仅使你的房子漂亮，也使你的感觉很好，当你住在那里。更重要的是，尽量节约用水，停止使用对环境有害的东西。

If you do like that, our life will be better and better. 

如果你这样做，我们的生活会越来越好。


主旨大意：文章主要介绍了保持健康生活的四点建议。



长难句：

1.Here are some more ways I want to tell you.
主句是Here are some more ways，定语从句 I want to tell you，省略了从句引导词that。

2.it not only makes your house beautiful but also makes your feelings good when you live there.
主句是it not only makes your house beautiful but also makes your feelings good，其中not only, but also并列连接两个词组：makes your house beautiful和makes your feelings good，从句是由when引导的时间状语从句when you live there。



语法点：
1.adj./adv.最高级:
This is the most important way of a healthy lifestyle.其中the most important way 使用了最高级，最高级是表示三者及三者以上事物的比较，一般形态为：the+adj./adv.最高级+n.+表示范围的短语或从句。
2.省略句
wherever possible 省略了主语和谓语，原句应为：wherever it is possible尽可能到处（活动）。

3.if引导的条件状语从句:主句中有情态动词时，从句用一般现在时。
文中If you live in a dirty place, you may feel sick and get angry easily.主句是you may feel...easily，从句是由if 引导的条件状语从句If you live in a dirty place。主句中含有情态动词may，所以if引导的条件状语从句要用一般现在时态。

4.动名词：当动词做主语时，要变成相应的动名词(v-ing)形式
Eating more fruits and vegetables will be…中动词eat变为eating。



重点语言点：
healthy lifestyle 健康的生活方式
give the answer 给出答案
agree with sb 赞同某人（的观点）
be sure that/ sth 确定
be enough 足够
want to do sth 想要做某事

get active 保持积极
help sb do sth 帮助某人做某事
keep fit 保持健康
get up 站起身
be lazy 犯懒
be active at... 在...活动

keep clean 保持干净
it is another way to do sth 这是做某事的另一种方式
live in... 生活在...
feel sick 生病、感到不舒服
get angry 生气

be important in sth 对某事很重要
a good choice for sb to do sth 对某人而言，做某事是个不错的选择
junk food 垃圾食品
be (not) good for sth 对某事（没）有好处

it is the easiest way to do sth 做某事最简单的方式
live a healthy lifestyle 过健康的生活
plant trees 植树
make +宾语+adj. 使某物…样
what's more 此外
try to do sth 尝试做某事
save water 节省用水
stop doing sth 停止做某事
be bad for sth 对某物有害

better and better 越来越好