Which Drink Is Better for Us? Tea or Coffee?
那个饮品对我们更好呢？茶还是咖啡？

What do you like to drink each morning? Some people around the world enjoy tea, while some hold a cup of coffee on their way to work. Over the years, there have been some discussions about which one is better for us.

你每天早上喜欢喝什么?世界上有些人喜欢喝茶，而有些人则在上班的路上端着一杯咖啡。这些年来，人们一直在讨论哪种方式对我们更好。

Tea is very healthy and it's the world's second most popular drink, just next to water. Tea has antioxidants(抗氧化物) that can protect our bodies from disease. Some scientists believe that drinking a cup of tea is just as healthy as eating fruit or vegetables. 

茶非常健康，是世界上第二大最受欢迎的饮料，仅次于水。茶含有抗氧化剂，可以保护我们的身体免受疾病。一些科学家认为，喝一杯茶和吃水果或蔬菜一样健康。

In some countries, it seems that everyone drinks coffee. There used to be some worries that coffee increased people's chances of getting heart disease. New studies show that it may not be true. To many people's surprise, coffee has more antioxidants than tea does. It also has more caffeine(咖啡因) than tea does. Caffeine makes many people awake and it keeps them energetic. However, not everyone enjoys coffee. Some people dislike coffee because they think the caffeine makes them feel nervous. 

在一些国家，似乎每个人都喝咖啡。曾经有人担心咖啡会增加人们患心脏病的几率。新的研究表明，这可能不是真的。让很多人惊讶的是，咖啡比茶含有更多的抗氧化剂。它也比茶含有更多的咖啡因。咖啡因使许多人清醒，使他们精力充沛。然而，并不是每个人都喜欢咖啡。有些人不喜欢咖啡，因为他们认为咖啡因使他们感到紧张。

Which one is healthier then? There is no 【definite】 answer, because it depends on what we put in the drink. Both will be good for us if we drink them on their own. The problem is that many people usually put sugar and milk in their drink. Some people even add so much sugar and milk that their drink becomes heavy dessert!

那么哪种更健康呢?没有明确的答案，因为这取决于我们往饮料里放什么。如果我们单独喝这两种饮料，对我们都有好处。问题是许多人通常在饮料中加入糖和牛奶。有些人甚至加了太多的糖和牛奶，他们的饮料变成了高糖甜品!

主旨大意：本文探究了茶和咖啡，那种饮品对我们更好。其实茶和咖啡对人都很好，只要不往里面加入太多的糖。



语法点：

1. there have been, there be 句型的现在完成时态。
在Over the years, there have been some discussions句子中，出现了there be句型的现在完成时态。

2.同级比较：as +adj+ as
在Some scientists believe that drinking a cup of tea is just as healthy as …句子中，出现了同级比较as healthy as，表示跟…一样健康。句型as+adj/adv+as表示和...一样…

3.if引导的条件状语从句：
在Both will be good for us if we drink them on their own.中，句子的主干是"Both will be good for us."if后面接条件状语从句，表示如果，假设...



重点语言点：

around the world 全世界

a cup of 一杯
protect… from 保护
next to 临近

to one's surprise 使…震惊的
feel nervous 感到紧张
it seems that 看起来…

depend on 取决于
be good for 对…有好处