The Meaning of OK
“OK”的含义

Do you know that “OK” has a birthday?It's on March 23. And this year, the word “OK” will be 181 years old. 

你知道" OK "是有生日的吗?是在3月23日。今年，OK这个词将迎来181岁生日。

“OK” is widely spoken all over the world, New York Daily News reported. 

据《纽约每日新闻》报道，“OK”在世界各地都被广泛使用。

It was first introduced to the world in the Boston Morning Post on March 23, 1839. It read “o.k—all correct. ”It was only a joke at that time. But later “OK” became widely used in documents and telegraphs（电报）. People used it to say that all was well.

1839年3月23日，《波士顿晨报》(Boston Morning Post)首次向全世界介绍了这个词。上面写着“o. k--完全正确。”这在当时只是一个笑话。但后来“OK”在文件和电报中被广泛使用。人们用它来表示一切都很好。

Today, we use it almost every day. “How about 2 o'clock? OK?” “OK. ”The word “OK” is easy to say and write. It is also clear enough for people to understand. 

今天，我们几乎每天都在使用它。“两点钟怎么样?”好吗?”“好的。”“OK”这个词很容易读和写。它也足够清楚，人们可以理解。

It also has neutrality（中性）that other words don't have. You may say something is great, while other people may say it isn't. But with “OK”, everyone usually agrees. 

它还具有其他词语所不具备的中立性。你可能会说某事很棒，而其他人可能会说它不好。但是对于“OK”，每个人通常都同意。

There are different ways of spelling “OK”: okay, ok, and O.K. for example. But they all sound the same. However, “OK” is the most widely used spelling and is often used in writing. People sometimes use “okay” when writing because it looks more like a real word.

“OK”有不同的拼写方式:例如:okay, OK, OK。但它们听起来都一样。然而，“OK”是使用最广泛的拼写，经常在写作中使用。人们有时在写作时使用“okay”，因为它看起来更像一个真实的单词。

“OK” is so useful that it's known around the world. You may not know the language of someone who's talking to you, but saying “OK” with gestures（手势）helps you to understand each other. 

“OK”非常有用，全世界都知道它。你可能不懂和你说话的人的语言，但是用手势说“好的”可以帮助你理解对方。


主旨大意：介绍了OK的起源与发展。现在“OK”在全世界内通用。

长难句：
1. People sometimes use “okay” when writing because it looks more like a real word.
本句的主干为People sometimes use “okay”，后面的when引导了省略从句主语的时间状语从句，because引导了原因状语。
2. You may not know the language of someone who's talking to you, but saying “OK” with gestures helps you to understand each other.
此句主句为You may not know the language of...，someone后由who引导了限制性定语从句修饰someone，后面的but连接主句，表转折，后句中由saying的现在分词短语做主语。


语法点：
1. 一般将来时：will be
在the word “OK” will be 181 years old 中，will be是将来时，表示将要。
2. 被动语态：
在It was first introduced to the world...中，was introduced表示被介绍，因为it是第三人称单数，所以谓语动词要用was。
3. 最高级：
在“OK” is the most widely used spelling中，the most+adv 表示副词的最高级，the most widely 最频繁/广泛。
4. there be句型：就近原则
在There are different ways of spelling “OK”中，there be句型采取就近原则，因为ways 是可数名词复数，故用are。

重点语言点：
all over the world 全世界
how about sth. ……怎么样
clear enough 足够清楚
for example 例如
the most widely used spellig 最广泛的拼写
each other 互相
talk to sb 跟某人说话
around the world 全世界