A Greener World
更环保的世界
Paper or plastic?
纸还是塑料?

Governments around the world are pushing for an end to plastic straws and bags.More and more businesses are switching to paper products as an alternative (替代品).Paper is considered by many to be better than plastic.However, it, too, is harmful to the environment.

世界各国政府都在推动停止使用塑料吸管和塑料袋。越来越多的企业转向纸制品作为替代品。许多人认为纸比塑料好。然而，它也对环境有害。

Firstly, paper bags and straws are made from trees.Trees, as you know, can reduce carbon dioxide (CO2) levels in the atmosphere.They can slow down climate change.An increase in the use of paper bags can cause more deforestation.

首先，纸袋和吸管是由树木制成的。如你所知，树木可以降低大气中的二氧化碳含量。它们可以减缓气候变化。纸袋使用的增加会导致更多的森林砍伐。

Secondly, the production of paper items requires more energy and water.About 10% more energy and four times as much water is used to produce a paper bag than a plastic one.You might say that we can use recycled paper to save the energy and water.This seems to be a good idea.However, it takes even more energy and water to go through the recycling process than to make a brand new paper bag.Products made from recycled paper are also often short-lived.

其次，纸张的生产需要更多的能源和水。生产一个纸袋要比生产一个塑料袋多消耗10%的能源和四倍的水。你可能会说我们可以使用再生纸来节约能源和水。这似乎是个好主意。然而，在回收过程中所消耗的能源和水比制造一个全新的纸袋还要多。再生纸制成的产品通常寿命也很短。

Furthermore, paper products are heavier than plastic ones.That means they require more fuel to transport.Seven trucks are needed to transport 2 million paper bags, while only one truck is needed to transport the same number of plastic bags.The increased weight also leads to a large amount of waste once the bags are thrown away.

此外，纸制品比塑料制品重。这意味着它们需要更多的燃料来运输。运输200万个纸袋需要7辆卡车，而运输同样数量的塑料袋只需要一辆卡车。一旦塑料袋被扔掉，增加的重量也会导致大量的废物。

Paper products are actually a lose — lose for both the environment and businesses.They are more expensive than plastic products.A paper straw costs about 5 to 12 cents, while a plastic one usually costs only about 2 cents.

纸制品实际上对环境和企业来说都是双输。它们比塑料制品更贵。一根纸质吸管的价格约为5至12美分，而塑料吸管通常只需2美分。

The most environment-friendly solution is to avoid single-use items altogether.Products like glass water bottles and steel straws can be used over and over again.They are much better than either paper products or plastic products.Through increasing the use of these items, you can greatly reduce your throw away waste and truly make our earth a greener place.

最环保的解决方案是完全避免使用一次性物品。像玻璃水瓶和钢吸管这样的产品可以反复使用。它们比纸制品或塑料制品好得多。通过增加这些物品的使用，你可以大大减少垃圾的扔掉，真正让我们的地球成为一个更绿色的地方。

主旨大意：随着环保的呼声越来越大，纸制品被用来替代塑料制品的情况越来越多，然而纸制品的出现同样会带来环境损害，最好的方式就是减少一次性物品的使用。



长难句：

1. However, it takes even more energy and water to go through the recycling process than to make a brand new paper bag.
找出主要结构 it takes even more energy and water. It作为形式主语，真正主语为to go through的不定时短语。



语法点：

1.  倍数表达：英语的倍数常见表达方式有 倍数+as…as，倍数+the size of ，倍数+what从句，倍数+比较级+than这几种方式。

four times as much water is used to produce a paperback ....这个句子中就使用了倍数+as...as这个用法来进行倍数表达，表示，多达......的四倍。
2. While做连词：表达转折含义，有“然而”的意思。



重点语言点：

an end to ......的结束
more and more 越来越多的
be considered to... 被认为……
as you know 如你所知
be made from 由......制成（不能看出原材料）
slow down 减缓
more ... than... 比......更多
short-lived 寿命短的
throw away 扔掉
large amount of 大量的
both... and 两者都
environment-friendly 环保的
single-use 一次性使用
much better than 比...好得多
either... or... 不是……就是……