About the Ocean
关于海洋

Seventy percent of our planet is covered by one huge, continuous body of seawater — the ocean. In 2008, the United Nations recognized June 8 as Word Oceans Day. It's a day to think about the important role that the oceans play in our daily lives, the dangers that our oceans are facing, and the action we can take to protect them. 

地球的百分之七十被一个巨大的、连续不断的海水覆盖——海洋。2008年，联合国将6月8日定为世界海洋日。在这一天，我们可以思考海洋在我们日常生活中扮演的重要角色，海洋面临的危险，以及我们可以采取的保护海洋的行动。

The importance of our oceans: The oceans are home to most plants and animals on earth. Marine (海生的) plants provide us with 70 percent of the oxygen that we breathe. The ocean controls our climate, providing not only heat in winter but also cool air in summer. It also provides us with both food and medicine. No matter where you live on the planet, no matter how far from the sea, your life may depend on the oceans. Now you know how important oceans are for people!

海洋的重要性:海洋是地球上大多数动植物的家园。海洋植物为我们提供了70%的氧气。海洋控制着我们的气候，不仅在冬天提供热量，而且在夏天提供凉爽的空气。它还为我们提供食物和药物。无论你住在地球上的哪个地方，无论你离大海有多远，你的生命都离不开海洋。现在你知道海洋对人类有多重要了吧!

The problems our oceans face: The most serious problem the oceans face at the moment is plastic pollution. Reducing single-use plastic, including plastic bags and plastic bottles, has been an important theme of World Oceans Day for several years. Climate change and rising sea temperatures are also a huge problem. Rising sea temperatures have a direct influence on weather patterns and are seen as partly responsible for an increase in extreme weather conditions. 

海洋面临的问题:海洋目前面临的最严重的问题是塑料污染。减少一次性塑料，包括塑料袋和塑料瓶，多年来一直是世界海洋日的一个重要主题。气候变化和海水温度上升也是一个巨大的问题。海洋温度上升对天气模式有直接影响，并被视为极端天气状况增加的部分原因。

People celebrate the day in many different ways, including special events at aquariums and zoos, beach and river clean-ups, school activities, art contests, and film festivals. You can join in to remind people about the importance of our oceans and to make a difference. 

人们以许多不同的方式庆祝这一天，包括在水族馆和动物园举办的特别活动、海滩和河流清理活动、学校活动、艺术比赛和电影节。你可以加入进来，提醒人们海洋的重要性，并做出改变。