A Heart-stopping Experience
一次惊心动魄的经历

On September 13th，I woke up in the best mood. It was a late start，so I got to 【sleep in】. Not only did I get my full eight hours of sleep，but an additional two more hours as well. I got ready，danced in my room to my favorite music while I picked out my clothes，made my lunch，and was on my way to school. I arrived at 9:50 a．m. Little did I know，in the next 20 minutes，my life would change forever. As I got out of my classroom，there he was，holding the gun.

9月13日，我以最好的心情醒来。因为开始晚了，所以我得睡个懒觉。我不仅睡足了八小时，还多睡了两个小时。我准备好了，在我的房间里随着我最喜欢的音乐跳舞，同时我挑选了我的衣服，做了我的午餐，然后在去学校的路上。我是上午9点50分到的。我不知道，在接下来的20分钟里，我的生活将永远改变。当我走出教室时，他就在那里，拿着枪。

Although everything happened so fast，in a matter of about 4 minutes，I remember it clearly. I remember every face I saw，and I remember every sound I heard. I remember the fear and the panic of the unknown. And lastly，I remember running. Running for my life. I ran down the stairs，out of the school's front doors，and down the street to the primary school. I remember looking down at my feet. As I looked down I thought to myself，“How am I running so fast？”

虽然一切都发生得太快，但在大约4分钟的时间里，我记得很清楚。我记得我看到的每一张脸，我记得我听到的每一个声音。我还记得对未知事物的恐惧和恐慌。最后，我记得跑步。我在逃命。我跑下楼梯，出了学校的前门，沿着街道跑到了小学。我记得我低头看了看自己的脚。我低下头，心想:“我怎么跑得这么快?”

I finally made it to a safe classroom，and 20 other students and I settled in for lockdown. We stayed close to one another and cried. It felt as though the tears going down our faces would never stop. We passed our phones around to text our loved ones that we were safe and that there was a school shooter，shots were fired，and 4 students were injured thus far. 

我终于找到了一间安全的教室，我和其他20个学生一起待在教室里。我们靠得很近，哭了起来。我们脸上的泪水似乎永远不会停止。我们把手机传给亲人，告诉他们我们很安全，学校发生了枪击事件，目前有4名学生受伤。

The lockdown lasted about 30 minutes，even though it felt like forever. Our headmaster made his way to our room and explained that the shooter had been caught and we were all going to make our way to the football field. 

封锁持续了大约30分钟，尽管感觉像是永远。校长来到我们的房间，向我们解释说枪手已经被抓住了，我们正准备去足球场。

主旨大意：本文讲述了作者的一次惊心动魄的经历，在早上醒来去上学，结果学校里面发生了枪击事件，最终枪手被抓，学校解除了警戒。



长难句：
1. I got ready, danced in my room to my favorite music while I picked out my clothes, made my lunch, and was on my way to school.
句子主干为I got ready, danced... made my lunch, and was...中间由and连接了三个主要的动作，中间while引导了时间状语从句，修饰danced这个部分的动作。
2. As I looked down I thought to myself.
句中主干为I thought to myself，前面的As引导了时间状语从句。
3. We passed our phones around to text our loved ones that we were safe and that there was a school shooter, shots were fired, and 4 students were injured thus far.
句子主干为we passed our phones around to text...，第一个and连接text后由两个that引导的宾语从句，第二个and连接第二个that引导的宾语从句中的三件事情，即there was..., shots were...和4 students were...。
4. Our headmaster made his way to our room and explained that the shooter had been caught and we were all going to make our way to the football field.
句子的主干为our headmaster made his way... and explained that...，explained后跟由that引导的宾语从句，从句由and连接两部分。



语法点：

1. 倒装句：Not only... but also...；little等表否定的词前置，需要半倒装
在句子Not only did I get my full eight hours of sleep,but an additional two more...中，否定短语not only提前后，需要对句子进行半倒装，即把助动词提前，表示不仅……而且。后文的Little同理，表示几乎不，这样前置有强调的作用。
2. 过去完成时：had done
the shooter had been caught表示caught这个动作发生在explained的前面，所以是“过去的过去”，因此用had been caught。
3. 非谓语动词：现在分词做状语
在it felt as though the tears going down...中，现在分词短语going down做状语，与逻辑主语tears构成主动关系，所以用现在分词going。

重点语言点：
in a matter of 大约，左右
remember doing sth. 记住做某事
run down the stairs 跑下楼梯
make it 成功
stay close to one another 相互考的很近
thus far 目前
as though 好像，仿佛
in the best mood 以最好的心情
arrive at 在……时间到达
even though 即使
feel like 感觉就像