Who Is the “Thief”？
谁是小偷？

Long long ago, there lived an old couple.They were so poor that they had to wear all their clothes in bed to keep warm at night.One day the husband borrowed some rice and put it in a big heavy jar.

很久很久以前，住着一对老夫妇。他们太穷了，晚上不得不把所有的衣服都穿在床上取暖。一天，丈夫借了一些米放在一个又大又重的罐子里。

One midnight a thief (小偷) slipped in their small house.The husband saw him and smiled to himself.He knew the unwanted visitor would leave disappointed—the jar was too big and heavy for him to carry.He heard the thief begin to feel his way...a table here…a chair there…the bed…

一个午夜，一个小偷溜进了他们的小房子。丈夫看到他，自己笑了笑。他知道这个不速之客会失望地离开——罐子又大又沉，他拿不动。他听到小偷开始摸索。这儿有张桌子，那儿有把椅子，床……

The wife woke up with a start.“Husband! There's someone in here! Someone bumped (撞到) the bed!”

妻子猛然惊醒。“老公!有人在里面!有人撞了床!”

“Go back to sleep, old woman,” muttered her husband. “There's no one here.”

“回去睡吧，老太太，”她丈夫喃喃地说。“这里一个人也没有。”

The wife thought she was mistaken, and fell asleep again.

妻子以为自己弄错了，又睡着了。

Soon the thief found the rice.He wanted to take it away but the jar was too big and heavy.So he took off his shirt and spread it on the floor.He wanted to pour the rice on his shirt, but just before he poured the rice, the husband took the shirt off the floor.The thief began pouring rice onto the floor where he thought his shirt was.Then he tried to gather the corners of his shirt but could not find them.His shirt had gone.But how? Where? He was so shocked that he stood up and couldn't help saying aloud, “Hmmm?”

很快小偷就找到了米。他想把它拿走，但罐子太大太重了。于是他脱下衬衫，铺在地板上。他想把米饭倒在他的衬衫上，但就在他倒米饭之前，丈夫把衬衫从地板上拿了起来。小偷把米倒在地板上，他以为那是他的衬衫。然后他试着把衬衫的四角收起来，但找不到。他的衬衫不见了。但怎么会这样?在哪里?他吓得站起来，忍不住大声说:“嗯?”

His “Hmmm” woke the wife again. “Husband! Get up! There's a thief in our house! I heard him!” she cried.

他的“哼”声又把妻子吵醒了。“老公!起来!我们家有贼!我听见了!她叫道。

“Oh do be quiet, wife,” answered the husband calmly. “There's no thief at all. Get some sleep.”

“哦，安静点，妻子，”丈夫平静地回答。“根本就没有小偷。睡一会儿吧。”

“No thief?” the old couple heard someone say, “If there is no thief, where is my shirt?”

“没有小偷吗?老夫妇听到有人说:“如果没有小偷，我的衬衫呢?”