Beauty
美

Have you ever wished you could change something about your body?If so, you're not alone. 

你是否曾经希望自己能改变身体的某些方面?如果是这样，你并不孤单。

Many people use apps like Meitu Xiuxiu to improve photos before posting them on social media. Some teenagers are even having plastic surgery (整容) at an early age. Zeng, a senior 2 student from Chengdu, had a double eyelid surgery done this summer. She and many of her classmates believe bigger eyes look more beautiful. 

许多人在将照片上传到社交媒体之前，会使用美图秀秀等应用程序对照片进行润色。一些青少年甚至在很小的时候就开始做整形手术。今年夏天，来自成都的高三学生曾做了双眼皮手术。她和她的许多同学都认为大眼睛看起来更漂亮。

As teenagers' bodies grow and change, . They are very worried about it. This can be harmful to their health. According to Huxiu News, over 60 percent of girls refuse to take part in some daily activities such as going to school, because they feel bad about their looks. As much as 31 percent of teenagers do not want to speak up in class because they worry that others will notice their looks. 

随着青少年身体的成长和变化，……他们对此非常担心。这可能对他们的健康有害。据沪秀新闻报道，超过60%的女孩拒绝参加一些日常活动，比如上学，因为她们对自己的外表感到不好。多达31%的青少年不想在课堂上发言，因为他们担心别人会注意到自己的长相。

One of the main causes is advertising, TV shows and social media. Pictures of "perfect" faces and bodies are everywhere. They suggest that having large eyes, pale skin and skinny bodies is the only way to be beautiful. Magazines give tips about how to lose weight "in days". Advertisements suggest that you should whiten your skin using certain products. And TV shows often make fun of overweight characters. Seeing these can make people believe that they should change their bodies. 

其中一个主要原因是广告、电视节目和社交媒体。“完美”脸庞和身材的照片随处可见。他们认为，拥有大眼睛、白皙的皮肤和苗条的身体是美丽的唯一途径。杂志给出了如何在“几天”内减肥的建议。广告建议你应该使用某些产品美白皮肤。电视节目经常取笑超重的角色。看到这些可以让人们相信他们应该改变自己的身体。

So what should we do?According to Nancy Etcoff of the Harvard Media School, "We need to help young people in many ways.  These ways can include educating students about body confidence in school, as well as encouraging parents to talk to their kids about their topic.  After all, beauty comes in all shapes and sizes. " Etcoff said. 

那么我们该怎么做呢?根据哈佛传媒学院的Nancy Etcoff的说法，“我们需要在很多方面帮助年轻人。这些方法包括在学校教育学生对身体的信心，以及鼓励父母和孩子谈论他们的话题。毕竟，美丽是各种各样的。”艾科夫说。