The Fall of a Basketball Superstar - Kobe Bryant
篮球巨星的陨落—科比·布莱恩特

On Jan.26, people around the world were shocked to hear of the sudden passing of Kobe Bryant, one of the NBA's most legendary players. The 41-year-old, his 13-year-old daughter Gianna Bryant and seven others died when their helicopter crashed in California, US.

1月26日，NBA最具传奇色彩的球员之一科比·布莱恩特突然去世，世界各地的人们都感到震惊。41岁的科比和他13岁的女儿吉安娜布莱恩特以及其他7人在美国加州乘坐的直升机坠毁时遇难。

People from all walks of life have respected the late basketball superstar — not just for his achievements on the court, but for his sincere personality and the inspiration he provided to so many people. 

来自各行各业的人们都尊敬这位已故的篮球巨星，不仅因为他在球场上取得的成就，还因为他真诚的个性以及他给许多人带来的鼓舞。

In the basketball world, Bryant ranks among the top players of all time. Fans remember him as the player who helped the Los Angeles Lakers win five NBA championships during his 20-year-long career. He started out as a basketball prodigy who skipped college and took his talents directly to the NBA: His deadly agility and aggressive tactics earned him the nickname Black Mamba. That's why his competitive philosophy is known as the “Mamba Mentality”. 

在篮球世界里，科比一直都是顶级球员之一。在球迷的记忆中，他在20年的职业生涯中帮助洛杉矶湖人队赢得了5次NBA总冠军。他一开始是一个篮球天才，他跳过了大学，直接把他的天赋带到NBA:他极致的敏捷和激进的战术为他赢得了“黑曼巴”的绰号。这就是为什么他的竞争哲学被称为“曼巴精神”。

“Mamba Mentality is you're going, you're competing, you're not worried about the end result,” Bryant said. “It's all about focusing on the process and trusting in the hard work when it matters most. ”He also left footprints in the movie industry, winning an Oscar in 2018 with his short film Dear Basketball. Off the court, he was known as a successful businessman, buying stakes(股份) in several companies, including Alibaba and Dell. 

“曼巴精神就是你在努力，你在竞争，你不担心最终的结果，”科比说。“关键在于专注于过程，并在最重要的时候相信努力工作。”他还在电影行业留下了足迹，2018年凭借短片《亲爱的篮球》获得奥斯卡奖。球场外，他是一名成功的商人，购买了包括阿里巴巴和戴尔在内的多家公司的股份。

He was also known as a proud family man. His friend, baseball star Derek Jeter, remembered him as such in an essay: “Throughout our friendship, the most meaningful conversations we had — they were always about family. ”

他也是一个以顾家为荣的男人。他的朋友、棒球明星德里克·基特在一篇文章中这样回忆他:“在我们的友谊中，最有意义的对话总是关于家庭。”

As the Los Angeles Times noted, Bryant became stronger because of his skill, hard work and tireless pursuit of victory. His legacy will live on long after his death. 

正如《洛杉矶时报》所指出的那样，科比因为他的技术、勤奋和对胜利的不懈追求而变得更加强大。他的遗产将在他去世后长久流传。

主旨大意：文章讲述了人们对篮球巨星科比·布莱恩特的突然离世感到震惊，以及对他的回忆。

标签：名人故事



长难句：

1. People from all walks of life have respected the late basketball superstar — not just for his achievements on the court, but for his sincere personality and the inspiration he provided to so many people.
找到主句People from all walks of life have respected the late basketball superstar ，破折号后面是解释尊敬他的原因，由not (only)... but also...连接两个部分，he provided to...为省略关系代词that的定语从句，修饰先行词inspiration。
2. He started out as a basketball prodigy who skipped college and took his talents directly to the NBA: His deadly agility and aggressive tactics earned him the nickname Black Mamba
找到主句He started out as a basketball prodigy who skipped college and took his talents directly to the NBA，who引导的是限制性定语从句，充当从句主语部分。冒号后面的句子起着解释说明的作用
3. Fans remember him as the player who helped the Los Angeles Lakers win five NBA championships during his 20-year-long career.
主句为Fans remember him as the player.后面接由who引导的限制性定语从句，修饰先行词player。

4. Off the court, he was known as a successful businessman, buying stakes in several companies, including Alibaba and Dell.
句子主干为he was known as a successful businessman，后面现在分词buying做伴随状语，逻辑主语为he。



重点语言点：

around the world 全世界
on the court 在球场上
all walks of life 各行各业
focus on 关注
trust in 相信
hard work 努力工作
be known as 被称为
as such 像这样
live on long after death 死后长存
as... noted 正如……写的/指出的