The Gap Year After School in the Western Society
西方社会的毕业后的间隔年

In Western society, especially in the English-speaking world, the chance for young people to see the other countries and experience life is considered important. Many young people, when they finish school at the age of 18, take a gap year (间隔年) before they go to university. 

在西方社会，特别是在说英语的国家，年轻人有机会看到其他国家和体验生活被认为是重要的。许多年轻人在18岁完成学业后，在上大学之前会有一个间隔年。

Parents often want their children to grow up a little and see what the real world is like when they finish school. Although they are worried about their safety, many think that the advantages of independence (独立) and experience are worth the worries. Children are encouraged to be brave, independent and to explore (探索) the world on their own or with friends. 

父母往往希望他们的孩子长大一点，当他们完成学业时，看看真实的世界是什么样子。尽管他们担心他们的安全，许多人认为独立的优势和经验是值得这个担心的。我们鼓励孩子们勇敢、独立，自己或与朋友一起探索世界。

Young people also want to experience freedom and see what life is like on the other side. This other side could be the other side of the world or just the other side of life. For example, if they have a rich life, they may want to see how people in poor areas live. 

年轻人也想体验自由，看看另一边的生活是什么样子。这个另一边可能是世界的另一边，也可能只是生命的另一边。例如，如果他们生活富裕，他们可能想看看贫困地区的人们是如何生活的。

A gap year after school is also an important chance for young people to spend time thinking about what they want to do with their lives. A little bit of growing up and experience will help them make their important career (职业) decisions, especially when they are unsure about what they want to study. 

对于年轻人来说，学业后的间隔年也是一个重要的机会，他们可以花时间思考自己想要做什么。一点点的成长和经验将帮助他们做出重要的职业决定，尤其是当他们不确定自己想学什么的时候。

Another reason for going straight after school is to get a break from studying before they start the next few years of university. So anywhere you travel in the world, you will meet young European people exploring the world. 

毕业后体验间隔年的另一个原因是在他们开始接下来几年的大学生活之前从学习中得到休息。所以无论你在世界上的任何地方旅行，你都会遇到探索世界的欧洲年轻人。

So much of the world has been travelled and explored. The young people are now looking for more worthy experiences. Some of them work as volunteers to do something for the country they are visiting. Many gap year volunteers are now spending a few months teaching English in Thailand, helping feed giant pandas in China or building a well (井) in a village in Africa. 

世界上很多地方都被游历和探索过。年轻人现在正在寻找更有价值的经历。他们中的一些人作为志愿者为他们正在访问的国家做一些事情。许多间隔年志愿者现在花几个月的时间在泰国教英语，在中国帮助喂养大熊猫，或者在非洲的一个村庄打井。

These young people's wish to explore the world is an expression of the values of the societies that they are part of. Both discovering the world and making a positive (积极的) difference in it are important parts of the Western mind. 

这些年轻人探索世界的愿望体现了他们所处社会的价值观。发现世界并在世界上做出积极的改变是西方思维的重要组成部分。

主旨大意：本文主要从各个方面介绍间隔年的情况，内容主要围绕年轻人参与间隔年的原因、活动以及意义展开。



长难句：

1. In Western society, especially in the English-speaking world, the chance for young people to see the other countries and experience life is considered important.

找到主句the chance for young people is considered important.不定式to see短语做后置定语，修饰说明chance。

2. Parents often want their children to grow up a little and see what the real world is like when they finish school.


找到主句parents often want their children to grow up and see，其中动词see后接what引导的宾语从句和when引导的时间状语从句。

3. Although they are worried about their safety, many think that the advantages of independence and experience are worth the worries.

找到主句Many think that...，前面是由although引导的让步状语从句，think后接由that引导的宾语从句。

4. Many gap year volunteers are now spending a few months teaching English in Thailand, helping feed giant pandas in China or building a well in a village in Africa.


找到句子主干，是由or连接的三个并列结构，即Many gap year volunteers are now spending..., helping..., or building...。

5. These young people's wish to explore the world is an expression of the values of the societies that they are part of.


找到主干These young people's wish is an expression of...，句中不定式to explore the world做后置定语修饰wish，societies后接由that引导的限制性定语从句。



语法点：

1. 非谓语动词：不定式短语做后置定语

文中不定式短语to see the other countries and experience life其逻辑主语是chance，因此是对chance的解释说明。

2. if引导的条件状语从句。主句用一般将来时态，从句用一般现在时态（主将从现），主句也可用祈使句或情态动词表达。


For example, if they have a rich life, they may want to see how people in poor areas live.主句用情态动词may，从句用一般现在时have。



重点语言点：

be considered （as/to be）... 被认为……
the chance for sb to do sth 某人做某事的机会
be worried about 为……而担忧
be encouraged to do 被鼓励做某事
on one's own 独立地
on the other side 另一方面
want to do想要做某事
for example 例如，后只跟一个例子
A gap year 间隔一年
A little bit of 一点
spend（in）doing sth 花费时间做某事
make decisions 做决定
be unsure about... 不确定……
get a break 得到休息
the next few years 接下来的几年
meet sb doing sth 遇见某人正在做某事
a few 少数，一些
an expression of... 是……的体现；体现了……
both...and.... 两者都
Make a positive difference in... 对……造成积极影响