The History of Restaurants
餐馆的发展史

Do you know when restaurants were invented?The first restaurants were invented thousands of years ago. However, they were very different from restaurants today. 

你知道餐馆是什么时候发明的吗?第一家餐馆是在几千年前发明的。然而，它们与今天的餐馆大不相同。

The first restaurants were in ancient Greece(希腊) and ancient Rome. These restaurants served food in large stone bowls. People didn't order food from a menu. Everyone shared the food from big bowls. People believe that these places were very popular because most homes in ancient Greece and Rome did not have kitchens. Also, people didn't have to store(储存) food at home if they ate their meals at these restaurants. 

最早的餐馆出现在古希腊和古罗马。这些餐馆用大石碗供应食物。人们不会按菜单点餐。每个人都分享大碗里的食物。人们相信这些地方非常受欢迎，因为古希腊和罗马的大多数家庭没有厨房。此外，如果人们在这些餐馆吃饭，他们也不必在家里储存食物。

Later, restaurants began to open in China. In the early 1100s, more than one million people lived in the city of Hangzhou, China. It was a very busy city, and people had money. All of these people had to eat. Smart cooks started cooking and selling food along the big street in the city. Unlike in ancient Greece and Rome, people in China could choose food from a menu. They didn't have to eat the same food as everyone else. 

后来，餐馆开始在中国开业。21世纪初，中国杭州的人口超过100万。那是一个非常繁忙的城市，人们都很有钱。所有这些人都得吃饭。聪明的厨师开始在城市的大街上烹饪和出售食物。与古希腊和古罗马不同，中国人可以从菜单上选择食物。他们不需要和其他人吃同样的食物。

For the next several centuries, there were restaurants all over the world. People could buy food in the street or at inns(小旅馆). Then in the middle of the 1700s, restaurants started opening in Paris. These restaurants were more similar to the restaurants we know today. There was a wider choice of food, and eating in these restaurants was a more enjoyable experience. In the 19th century, trains made travel much faster and simpler. In the end, this kind of restaurant began to appear all over Europe and in other parts of the world. 

在接下来的几个世纪里，世界各地都有餐馆。人们可以在街上或小旅馆里买到食物。18世纪中期，巴黎开始出现了餐馆。这些餐馆与我们今天所知道的餐馆更相似。有更广泛的食物选择，在这些餐馆吃饭是一种更愉快的经历。在19世纪，火车使旅行更快、更简单。最后，这种餐馆开始出现在整个欧洲和世界其他地方。

Now, restaurants are everywhere. You can buy different kinds of food. You can get food sent to your door. But remember it wasn't always like that. 

现在，餐馆到处都是。你可以买到不同种类的食物。你可以叫人把食物送到家门口。但请记住，事情并不总是这样的。