Advantages of Eating Chilies
吃辣椒的好处

What can be both red or green, round or sharp, big or small, and more importantly, loved or hated by someone? Yes, the answer is chilies (辣椒).

什么东西可以是红的也可以是绿的，圆的也可以是尖的，大的也可以是小的，更重要的是，可以是被人爱的也可以是被人恨的?是的，答案是辣椒。

Many of us in China enjoy adding chilies to our food, but did you know that this spicy (辣的) vegetable could also be dangerous? A 34-year-old US man recently ended up in hospital after eating a Carolina Reaper, the spiciest chili people have known so far. After taking just a single bite of one, the man suffered from serious headaches in the following days, reported BBC News.

很多中国人喜欢在食物中加入辣椒，但你知道这种辛辣的蔬菜也可能是危险的吗?最近，一名34岁的美国男子在吃了卡罗莱纳死神辣椒后被送进了医院，这是人们迄今为止知道的最辣的辣椒。据BBC新闻报道，这名男子只吃了一口，就在接下来的几天里出现了严重的头痛。

In fact, eating spicy food causes stomachache and headache. But if chilies are harmful, why do people like to eat this vegetable? So what makes people love chilies so much? The human body is influenced by natural chemicals that produce “a sense of happiness”, noted BBC News.

事实上，吃辣的食物会引起胃痛和头痛。但如果辣椒有害，为什么人们喜欢吃这种蔬菜呢?那么是什么让人们如此喜欢辣椒呢?BBC新闻指出，人体会受到天然化学物质的影响，产生“幸福感”。

And chilies do good to people in another way. Scientists found that the death rate of those who eat spicy food once or twice a week is 10 percent lower than those who eat it less than once a week. The death rate is 14 percent lower for those who eat spicy food six to seven times a week. This encourages people to eat more spicy food to improve health and bring less death risk at an early age. So, don't worry if you love spicy food. It seems that chilies are actually good for us. 

辣椒还以另一种方式对人体有益。科学家发现，每周吃一到两次辛辣食物的人的死亡率比每周吃不到一次辛辣食物的人低10%。每周吃六到七次辛辣食物的人死亡率要低14%。这鼓励人们多吃辣的食物，以改善健康，并在年轻时降低死亡风险。所以，如果你喜欢吃辣，也不用担心。辣椒似乎对我们有好处。

主旨大意：文章主要描述了吃辣椒虽然会有危险，但是可以有增加幸福感和降低死亡率等好处。



长难句：
1. A 34-year-old US man recently ended up in hospital after eating a Carolina Reaper, the spiciest chili people have known so far.
句子主干为A 34-year-old US man recently ended up...，介词after后接动名词短语，the spiciest chili是Carolina Reaper的同位语，people have known so far是一句省略关系代词that的定语从句，修饰chili。
2. Scientists found that the death rate of those who eat spicy food once or twice a week is 10 percent lower than those who eat it less than once a week.
句中主干为Scientists found that...，that引导了found后的宾语从句，从句中主干为the death rate of those... is ten percent lower than those...，两个those后都接由who引导的限制性定语从句，先行词为those，在从句中做主语。



语法点：
1. 限制性定语从句：
在句子The human body is influenced by natural chemicals that produce “a sense of happiness”, noted BBC News.中，chemicals后接由that引导的限制性定语从句，that在从句中做主语成分，先行词为chemicals。

重点语言点：
many of 许多
enjoy doing sth. 享受做某事
end up 结束
so far 至今为止
in fact 事实上
like to do 喜欢做
be influenced by 被……影响
a sense of happiness 幸福感
do good to sb. 对某人有好处
it seems that... 似乎