Ugly Produce Counts in Decreasing Food Waste
品相不好的农产品公司在减轻食品浪费上起着举足轻重的作用

But ugly fruits should be loved, too. In recent years, a new crop of “ugly produce” companies have been around the U. S. . These start-ups sell those ugly fruits that supermarkets refuse. And they send them right to your door. 

但是丑陋的水果也应该被爱。近年来，美国出现了一批新的“丑陋农产品”公司这些新兴企业出售的是超市拒绝出售的丑陋水果。他们会直接送到你家门口。

The companies say they're on a mission（使命）. They want to stop billions of pounds of imperfect produce from going to waste. Think of it this way: Is a banged-up (be knocked and some places broken) banana any less tasty in a peanut butter sandwich?Why should it be thrown away?

这些公司表示，他们正在执行一项使命。他们希望不浪费数十亿磅不完美的农产品。你可以这样想:在花生酱三明治里放一根被撞坏的香蕉(有些地方被撞坏了)会不会不那么好吃?为什么要把它扔掉?

Sounds like these companies have the right idea. They even offer deep low prices. That's great news for customers. But not everyone is happy. Some people say these companies may be thinking only about themselves. 

听起来这些公司的想法是正确的。他们甚至提供极低的价格。这对客户来说是个好消息。但并非所有人都满意。一些人说，这些公司可能只考虑自己。

△.  Imperfect produce isn't always wasted. 

不完美的产品并不总是被浪费。

Many small farmers had already been selling imperfect produce to customers and farmers markets. 

许多小农已经在向顾客和农贸市场销售不合格的产品。

Then the ugly produce companies started growing up. These companies, such as Imperfect Produce, can offer more fruits and veggies from large farms around the country. They make it harder for smaller farms to compete. So the farmers are losing money. 

然后丑陋的农产品公司开始成长。这些公司，如Imperfect Produce，可以从全国各地的大型农场提供更多的水果和蔬菜。它们使小型农场更难竞争。所以农民在赔钱。

Also, ugly fruits and veggies already have uses. Take the food service industry for example. There, produce is sliced, diced, blended, and more. No one cares if the fruit is pretty or ugly. On farms, fruits can be fed to animals. Rotted（腐烂的）fruit is added back into soil for nutrients. And, what's more, ugly produce companies have been charged with taking food away from the needy. 

另外，丑陋的水果和蔬菜也有用处。以食品服务业为例。在那里，农产品被切片、切丁、混合等等。没有人关心水果是漂亮还是丑陋。在农场里，水果可以用来喂动物。腐烂的水果被添加回土壤中作为营养物质。更重要的是，丑陋的农产品公司被指控从穷人手中夺走食物。

Are these start-ups causing more bad than good?

这些初创企业带来的弊大于利吗?

Not So Bad, After All?

毕竟还不错吧?

What do ugly produce companies say?They are guarding themselves. 

丑陋的农产品公司怎么说?他们在保护自己。

In March 2019, Imperfect Produce told people that the company doesn't take away from the needy. It gets resources from farms only after food banks take what they want, it said. Also, the company often gives food to food banks. Put that in your food basket!

2019年3月，Imperfect Produce告诉人们，该公司不会从穷人身上揩油。它说，只有在食品银行拿走了他们想要的东西之后，它才会从农场获得资源。此外，该公司还经常向食品银行提供食品。把它放在你的食物篮子里!

It is true that produce goes to waste in America. The Department of Agriculture has said that food waste is a big problem. In fact, about 30 to 40 percent of the country's food is wasted. 

在美国，农产品被浪费是事实。农业部表示，食物浪费是一个大问题。事实上，这个国家大约30%到40%的食物被浪费了。

But Imperfect Produce says both farmers and ugly produce companies can help reduce food waste. It doesn't have to be either-or. 

但Imperfect Produce表示，农民和难看的农产品公司都可以帮助减少食物浪费。这并不一定是非此即彼。

No matter whose side you're on, remember this: It's what's on the inside that counts. 

不管你站在哪一边，记住:内在才是最重要的。