Super Face Recognition
超级人脸识别

Can you remember a face quickly and never forget it? If so, then you could be a super recognizer.

你能很快记住一张脸并且永远不会忘记吗?如果是这样，那么你可能是一个超级识别器。

Usually, it is easy for someone to recognize the faces of their family members and friends. But it could be difficult for them to remember faces that they have only seen once. However, studies have found that super-recognizers have amazing face-recognition skills. They can remember at least 80 percent of faces they have ever seen. According to the Daily Mail, at least one in 50 people are super-recognizers. 

通常，人们很容易认出他们的家人和朋友的脸。但对他们来说，记住只见过一次的面孔可能很困难。然而，研究发现，超级识别器具有惊人的面部识别技能。他们能记住至少80%他们见过的面孔。据《每日邮报》报道，每50人中至少有一人是超级识别者。

A study was carried out at Bournemouth University of the UK recently. Researchers tried to find whether super-recognizers have a different way to remember faces. They found that when these people look at faces, they spend more time looking at the person's nose. They also found that these people are not smarter than others. Their super ability is restricted(有限的) only to face recognition. 

英国伯恩茅斯大学最近进行了一项研究。研究人员试图找出超级识别器是否有不同的记忆面孔的方式。他们发现，当这些人看脸时，他们会花更多的时间看这个人的鼻子。他们还发现，这些人并不比其他人聪明。他们的超能力仅限于面部识别。

Another important finding is that there are two subtypes(子类型) of super recognition. Some never forget faces. But for some, if you show pairs of faces to them at the same time, they can quickly decide whether the faces are of the same person or two different people. In fact, many super recognizers say they are very good at recognizing faces in a crowd. 

另一个重要的发现是超级识别有两种亚型。有些人永远不会忘记面孔。但对一些人来说，如果你同时给他们看几张脸，他们可以很快判断出这些脸是同一个人还是两个不同的人。事实上，许多超级识别者表示，他们非常擅长在人群中识别面孔。

These subtypes of super recognition could be applied to many areas of life. For example, the skills could be very useful at a passport control checkpoint. Super recognizers could also help police find known troublemakers and even missing people in the crowd. 

这些超级识别的亚型可以应用于生活的许多领域。例如，这些技能在护照检查站可能非常有用。超级识别器还可以帮助警方找到已知的麻烦制造者，甚至在人群中找到失踪的人。