A Letter on the Funeral
葬礼上的一封信

When I was a senior in college, I came home for Christmas vacation and expected a fun-filled week with my two brothers. We were so excited to be together and we volunteered to watch the store so that my mother and father could take their first day off in years. The day before my parents went to Boston, my father took me quietly aside to the little den behind the store. He took out a cigar box, opened it and showed me a little pile of newspaper articles. 

当我在大学四年级的时候，我回家过圣诞节，期待着和我的两个兄弟一起度过充满乐趣的一周。我们很高兴能在一起，我们自愿去看店，这样我妈妈和爸爸就可以多年来第一次休假了。在我父母去波士顿的前一天，我父亲悄悄地把我带到商店后面的小洞里。他拿出一个雪茄盒，打开它，给我看一小堆报纸文章。

“What are they?” I asked. 

“它们是什么?”我问。

Father replied seriously, “These are articles I've written and some letters to the editor that have been published. ”

父亲严肃地回答:“这是我写的文章，还有一些已经发表的给编辑的信。”

As I began to read, I saw at the bottom of each article the name Walter Chapman. “Why didn't you tell me you'd done that?” I asked. 

当我开始阅读时，我在每篇文章的底部看到了沃尔特·查普曼的名字。“你为什么不告诉我你已经这么做了?”我问。

“Because I didn't want your mother to know. She has always told me that since I didn't have much education, I shouldn't try to write. I wanted to run for some governmental office also, but she told me I shouldn't try. I guess she was afraid she'd be shameful if I lost…”

“因为我不想让你妈妈知道。她总是告诉我，因为我没有受过多少教育，我不应该尝试写作。我也想竞选政府职位，但她告诉我不应该尝试。我猜她是怕我输了会丢脸……”

He watched me as I read over a few of the articles and when I looked up, his big blue eyes were wet. “I guess I tried for something too big this time,” he added. 

我读了几篇文章，他看着我，当我抬起头来时，他蓝色的大眼睛湿润了。“我想我这次想做的太大了，”他补充道。

“Did you write something else?”

“你还写了别的东西吗?”

“Yes, I sent some suggestions in to our church magazine on how the national nominating committee could be more fairly(公平). It's been three months since I sent it in. I guess I tried for something too big. ”

“是的，我给我们教会的杂志寄去了一些关于国家提名委员会如何才能更公平的建议。我寄过去已经三个月了。我想我想做的太大了。”

This was such a new side to my fun-loving father that I didn't quite know what to say, so I tried, “Maybe it'll still come. ”

这对我爱开玩笑的父亲来说是一个全新的一面，我不知道该说什么，所以我试着说:“也许它还会来的。”

The next morning our parents left on the bus to the railway station where they took a train to Boston. 

第二天早上，我们的父母乘公共汽车去火车站，在那里他们乘火车去波士顿。

Early that evening I looked out the store window and saw my mother get off the bus—alone. 

那天傍晚，我从商店的窗户望出去，看见母亲独自下了公共汽车。

“Where's Dad?” We asked together. 

“爸爸在哪里?”我们一起问。

“Your father's dead. ”

“你父亲死了。”

She told us they had been walking through the Park Street Subway Station in the crowds of people when father had fallen to the floor. A nurse bent over him, looked up at mother and said simply, “He's dead. ” Mother had stood by father, not knowing what to do as people tripped (绊倒) over him in their rush through the subway. Mother told us the shocking tale without running a tear. We didn't cry either and we took turns waiting on the customers. 

她告诉我们，父亲摔倒在地时，他们正走在公园街地铁站的人群中。一位护士俯下身来，抬头看着母亲，简单地说:“他死了。”母亲一直站在父亲身边，不知道当人们在地铁里匆忙地被他绊倒时该怎么办。母亲不动声色地给我们讲了这个令人震惊的故事。我们也没有哭，我们轮流为顾客服务。

On the morning of the funeral (葬礼), I noticed the church magazine on the table. Normally I would never have opened it, but maybe that special article might be there—and it was. In the magazine I also found a two-page letter to my father from Henry Cabot Lodge, Sr. , thanking him for the campaign suggestions. I took out the box and put them in it. 

葬礼那天早上，我注意到桌子上有一本教会杂志。通常情况下，我绝不会打开它，但也许那篇特别的文章可能在那里——它确实在那里。在杂志里，我还找到了老亨利·卡伯特·洛奇写给父亲的两页信，感谢他对竞选活动的建议。我拿出盒子，把它们放了进去。

I didn’t tell anyone about the box. 

我没告诉任何人盒子的事。