The Proper use of Video Games
合理利用电子游戏

Lots of kids love video games. In fact, they like them so much that they might hear something like this from Mom or Dad: Enough!Find something else to do!

很多孩子都喜欢电子游戏。事实上，孩子们非常喜欢他们，以至于他们可能会从爸爸妈妈那里听到这样的话:够了!找点别的事情做!

It can be good advice. Why?Too much of anything is just too much. It's true that some studies have shown certain video games can improve hand-eye coordination (协调), problem-solving skills and the mind's ability to process (处理) information. But playing too much video games may lead to health problems. 

这是一个很好的建议。为什么?任何事情做得太多都是太多。的确，一些研究表明，某些电子游戏可以提高手眼协调能力、解决问题的能力和大脑处理信息的能力。但是玩太多电子游戏可能会导致健康问题。

It's hard to get enough active play and exercise if you're always inside playing video games. And without enough exercise, kids can become overweight. 

如果你总是在室内玩电子游戏，就很难有足够的活动和锻炼。如果没有足够的锻炼，孩子们就会超重。

Really overdoing video games could also affect other important things, like kids’ friendships and behavior. And kids who play violent (暴力的) video games might act more aggressively. 

过度玩电子游戏还会影响其他重要的事情，比如孩子的友谊和行为。玩暴力视频游戏的孩子可能会表现得更具攻击性。

But here's the good news: Playing video games some of the time can be OK. Just limit (限制) screen time, which includes TV, computer, smartphone, tablet and video game time to no more than two hours a day. 

但这里有个好消息:偶尔玩电子游戏是可以接受的。只要限制看电视、电脑、智能手机、平板电脑和视频游戏的时间，每天不超过两小时。

A good game will be the right one for how old you are. Games are rated (分级) like movies, and your mom or dad can help you find out which ones you should use. If you can choose one that gets you up and moving, that's even better. 

一款好游戏将适合你的年龄。游戏就像电影一样被分级，你的妈妈或爸爸可以帮助你找到你应该使用的游戏。如果你能选择一个能让你站起来活动的，那就更好了。

主旨大意：本文讲述了电子游戏的利与弊，呼吁孩子们少玩电子游戏，应该在适度的情况下玩一些适合自己的电子游戏。



长难句：

1. It's true that some studies have shown certain video games can improve hand-eye coordination, problem-solving skills and the mind's ability to process information.

It's true that是主句，为避免头重脚轻，It为形式上的主语，真正主语是由that引导的内容。从句中又包含一个由have shown加that引导的宾语从句，that省略。



语法点：

1. 动名词做主语，一般表示经常性、习惯性的动作，谓语动词要用单数

But playing too much video games may lead to health problems. 此处谓语动词为情态动词may。

2. It为形式主语 ，动词不定式to do做真正主语


It's hard to get enough active play and exercise if you're always inside playing video games. 动词不定式解释hard要表达的内容；后面是由if引导的条件状语从句，译为如果...。

3. 定语从句


And kids who play violent video games might act more aggressively.

先行词kids后跟who引导的限制性定语从句，关系词who在从句中充当主语的成分。

4. 非限制性定语从句


Just limit screen time, which includes TV, computer, smartphone, tablet and video game time to no more than two hours a day. 先行词time后跟关系词which引导的非限制性定语从句，对time进行解释说明。



重点语言点：

in fact 事实上
so...that... 如此……以至于……
lead to 导致
no more than 不超过；少于
some of the time 偶尔
even修饰比较级
get sb. doing让某人做