The Helping Hand Makes the World Beautiful
援助之手让世界更美好

Rebecca Mehra is an American woman. She helped an elderly couple get food when they were too scared to go into the crowded supermarket because of the outbreak of COVID-19. The following is what Rebecca Mehra told us about her experience. 

丽贝卡·梅赫拉是一位美国妇女。由于新冠肺炎疫情的爆发，一对老夫妇不敢进入拥挤的超市，她帮助他们买食物。以下是丽贝卡·梅赫拉向我们讲述的她的经历。

I went to the supermarket one afternoon. As I was walking into it, I heard a woman shouting to me from her car. I looked around and found an elderly woman and her husband. She made her window open a bit more, and explained to me nearly in tears that they were afraid to go into the supermarket. 

一天下午我去了超市。当我走进去的时候，我听到一个女人从她的车里对我大喊。我环顾四周，发现了一位老妇人和她的丈夫。她把窗户开大了一点，几乎流着泪向我解释说，他们不敢走进超市。

They were afraid to get sick as they were in their eighties and they heard that the old are more likely to be affected by COVID-19. And they also explained they didn't have relatives around to help them out. She gave me a 100-dollar bill and a shopping list through the window and asked if I would be willing to help her buy the things on the list. 

他们都80多岁了，害怕生病，听说老年人更容易感染新冠病毒。他们还解释说，他们身边没有亲戚来帮助他们。她从窗口递给我一张100美元的钞票和一张购物清单，问我是否愿意帮她买清单上的东西。

I bought all the things they needed, put 【them】 in her trunk（皮箱）and gave her the change. She told me that she had sat in the car for nearly 55 minutes before meeting me, waiting to ask the right person for help. 

我买了他们需要的所有东西，把它们放在她的后备箱，然后把零钱给了她。她告诉我，在遇到我之前，她在车里坐了将近55分钟，等着向合适的人求助。

I know it's a difficult time for all of us because of the outbreak of COVID-19, but please offer to help anyone you can. After all, not everyone has people to turn to. Love makes our world more beautiful, doesn't it?

我知道COVID-19的爆发对我们所有人来说都是一个艰难的时刻，但请尽你所能帮助任何人。毕竟，不是每个人都有可以求助的人。爱让我们的世界更美丽，不是吗?

主旨大意：本文讲述了丽贝卡·梅赫拉向一对因为疫情不敢去超市买东西的老夫妇伸出了援助之手，并呼吁大家提供更多的爱意与帮助。



语法点：

1. when引导的时间状语从句。表示主句的动作和从句的动作同时或先后发生。

She helped an elderly couple get food when they were too scared to go into the crowded supermarket because of the outbreak of COVID-19. 此句中从句动作先与主句动作发生。

2.  as引导的时间状语从句。


As I was walking into it, I heard a woman shouting to me from her car. 强调主句动作听和从句动作走进去同时发生。

3.  the+形容词表示一类人  the old老人们


4. 非谓语动词：现在分词作状语。


She told me that she had sat in the car for nearly 55 minutes before meeting me, waiting to ask the right person for help.  现在分词waiting在句中作状语，表伴随。主语she和wait之间存在逻辑上的主动关系，所以用现在分词形式。

5. 反义疑问句。


Love makes our world more beautiful, doesn't it? 该反义疑问句陈述部分用love表肯定，简略疑问部分则用助动词doesn’t表否定，且用第三人称代词it来指代love；用来征求对方的同意或肯定：爱会让世界更美好。

