The Pros and Cons of Green Fuels
绿色燃料的利与弊

Historically, most cars have run on gasoline（汽油）, but that may change in the future: cars can also run on other liquid fuels（液体燃料）and electricity. 

从历史上看，大多数汽车都是用汽油驱动的，但这在未来可能会改变:汽车也可以用其他液体燃料和电力驱动。

Gasoline is from oil. The energy in gasoline comes from hydrocarbons（碳氢化合物）. Gasoline provides great power for cars. However, it causes environmental problems, like air pollution and temperature rise. So gasoline can't be the best fuel. 

汽油是从石油中提炼出来的。汽油中的能量来自碳氢化合物。汽油为汽车提供很大的动力。然而，它会引起环境问题，比如空气污染和气温上升。所以汽油不是最好的燃料。

Another choice is electricity. Electricity cars can be as efficient（效能好的）as cars using gasoline. And they produce less pollution. But electric cars themselves are more expensive. The good news is that the cost has been lower and there are more and more places for cars to get electricity ever since 2010. 

另一个选择是电。电动车可以和汽油车一样有效率。而且它们产生的污染更少。但电动汽车本身更贵。好消息是，自2010年以来，成本已经降低，越来越多的地方可以为汽车充电。

The other choices are other liquid fuels. Many of these can be stored in the same places as gasoline, and used in the same cars. They can also be friendly to the environment. 

其他选择是其他液体燃料。其中许多可以像汽油一样储存在相同的地方，并在相同的汽车上使用。他们也可以对环境友好。

One way to make such fuels is to get CO2 from the air and put it in water. Through chemical reactions, hydrocarbons can be created. However, these fuels take up more space. 

制造这种燃料的一种方法是从空气中获取二氧化碳并将其放入水中。通过化学反应，可以产生碳氢化合物。然而，这些燃料占用更多的空间。

Another way is to make such fuels from plants that take in carbon from the air. These fuels are greener in use. But not all of them can be as efficient as gasoline. 

另一种方法是用从空气中吸收碳的植物来制造这种燃料。这些燃料的使用更加环保。但并不是所有的燃料都能像汽油一样高效。

For fuel to be the best, people have to be able to afford it. Unluckily, almost every green technology is more expensive than that of using gasoline. Governments and car producers are doing everything they can to cut down the costs. In the end, the best fuel will be both affordable for car users and green for our planet. 

为了使燃料成为最好的燃料，人们必须能够负担得起。不幸的是，几乎每一种绿色技术都比使用汽油更昂贵。政府和汽车制造商正在尽一切努力降低成本。最终，最好的燃料对汽车用户来说是负担得起的，对我们的地球来说是环保的。