The Evolution of Green
Green的发展演变

Green is an important colour in nature. It is the colour of grass and the leaves on trees. It is the colour of most growing plants too. 

绿色是自然界中一种重要的颜色。它是草和树叶的颜色。它也是大多数生长中的植物的颜色。

Sometimes, the word green means young, fresh and growing. Sometimes, it describes something that is not yet finished or plants that are not ripe. 

有时，绿色这个词意味着年轻，新鲜和成长。有时，它描述了未完成的事物或未成熟的植物。

For example, a greenhorn is someone who has no experience who is new to a situation. In the fifteenth century, a greenhorn was a young cow or ox whose horns had not yet developed. A century or so later, a greenhorn was a soldier who had not yet had any experience in war (战争). By the eighteenth century, a greenhorn had the meaning it has today— a person who is new in a job. 

例如，greenhorn是指没有经验的新手。在15世纪，greenhorn指的是一头小母牛，或者还没有长出牛角的牛。大约一个世纪以后，greenhorn是指没有任何战争经验的士兵。到了18世纪，greenhorn有了今天的意思——工作上的新手。

About one hundred years ago, greenhorn was a popular expression in the American west. Old—timers used it to describe a man who had just arrived from one of cities in the east. The greenhorn didn't have the skills that he would need to live in the hard, rough country. 

大约一百年前，greenhorn在美国西部是一个流行的表达。老人们用它来形容一个刚从东方某个城市来的人。这个新手不具备在这个艰苦、崎岖的国家生活所需的技能。

Someone who has the ability to grow plants well is said to have a green thumb. The expression comes from the early nineteen hundreds. 

有能力把植物种得很好的人被称为有一个绿色的拇指。这个表达来自20世纪初。

A person with a green thumb seems to have a magic touch that makes plants grow quickly and well. You might say that the woman next door has a green thumb if her garden continues to grow long after your plants have died. 

一个有园艺才能的人似乎有一种神奇的魔力，能让植物长得又快又好。如果你的植物死了很久，隔壁的女人的花园还在继续生长，你可能会说她是个园艺能手。

The Green revolution(革命) is the name which was given some years ago to the development of new kinds of rice and other grains. The new plants produced much larger crops. The Green Revolution was the result of hard work by agricultural (农业的) scientists who had green thumbs. 

绿色革命是几年前对新型水稻和其他谷物的开发所起的名字。这种新植物的收成要大得多。绿色革命是农业科学家们辛勤工作的结果。