BBC World News Was Not Balanced
8-2021·陕西陇县·三模（题目答案解析已上传）2. 3. 10_BBC世界新闻是不公正的

At exactly 12 a.m. on Friday, the first day of the Year of the Ox in the Chinese lunar calendar, BBC World News was stopped from arriving in China.

周五，也就是中国农历牛年的第一天，12点整，BBC世界新闻频道在中国被叫停。

This is what the BBC gets. You can easily find its “reports” about China are full of lies based on false facts. 

这是BBC得到的信息。你可以很容易地发现它对中国的“报道”充满了基于虚假事实的谎言。

On Dec. 14, the BBC published a video about “forced labor” in a factory in Xinjiang. Yet it was found to be a total lie. When the woman was asked why she came to work there, she said, “We come because we want to come. My husband is ill and so is my mother-in-law. So I work here to make money. ”

12月14日，英国广播公司(BBC)发布了一段关于新疆一家工厂“强制劳动”的视频。但事实证明，这完全是一个谎言。当被问到为什么来这里工作时，她说:“我们来是因为我们想来。我丈夫病了，我婆婆也病了。所以我在这里工作是为了赚钱。”

The BBC has continued lying into this year. On Jan. 19, it published another video, The Road Back to Wuhan. They made mistakes everywhere in this video. They not only missed placing Taiwan and part of the Tibet Autonomous Region on the Chinese map, but also marked Central China's Hubei Province in the wrong place on it. Anybody will get the correct answer, even a Grade 5 pupil in China. Nobody will make such a mistake.

BBC今年还在撒谎。1月19日，它发布了另一段视频《回武汉之路》。在这个视频中，他们处处犯错。他们不仅没有把台湾和西藏自治区的部分地区标在中国地图上，还把中国中部的湖北省标在了错误的位置。任何人都能得到正确答案，即使是中国五年级的小学生。没有人会犯这样的错误。

These deeds won't be accepted in any modern country with rules of law, and the BBC is making itself a political tool rather than a media. 

这些行为在任何一个有法治的现代国家都不会被接受，BBC正在把自己变成一个政治工具，而不是媒体。

The BBC has caused anger even in its own homeland. According to a report from a British newspaper, in a survey of 1,700 people, 47 percent said the BBC had failed to be a true media in its news report in recent years, while fewer than 28 percent thought it had succeeded. About 33 percent agreed with the result, “The BBC is not so balanced, and there is need for another news channel to offer a different view. ”

BBC甚至在自己的国家也引起了愤怒。据英国一家报纸报道，在一项对1700人的调查中，47%的人认为BBC近年来的新闻报道未能成为真正的媒体，只有不到28%的人认为它成功了。大约33%的人同意调查结果，“BBC不是那么公正，需要另一个新闻频道来提供不同的观点。”

主旨大意：主要介绍英国广播公司歪曲报道中国新闻的现象，从一些事实上，可以看出新闻报道是虚假的。



长难句：

1. At exactly 12 a.m. on Friday, the first day of the Year of the Ox in the Chinese lunar calendar, BBC World News was stopped from arriving in China.
主句为BBC World News was stopped from arriving in China， 中间的the first day of the Year......是作前面的时间点的同位语。

2. You can easily find its “reports” about China are full of lies based on false facts.
主句为You can easily find, 句子后面的based on false facts是后置定语，用来修饰前面的lies。

3. They not only missed placing Taiwan and part of the Tibet Autonomous Region on the Chinese map, but also marked Central China's Hubei Province in the wrong place on it.
这里有一个not only, but also的固定搭配用法，表示不仅怎么样，而且怎么样，前后连接两个句子。

4. According to a report from a British newspaper, in a survey of 1,700 people, 47 percent said the BBC had failed to be a true media in its news report in recent years, while fewer than 28 percent thought it had succeeded.
因为是在做这个调查之前BBC就已经发生的事情，是过去的过去，所以在said和thought后面用了过去完成时态，said后面的整个句子做了宾语从句，后面用连词while连接了另一个句子，表示对比和转折。



语法点：

1. 由so引导的倒装句
My husband is ill and so is my mother-in-law.
这里用and连接的后面一句话是个倒装句，so在这里做代词用，表示也生病了，语序需要进行全部倒装，即so+系动词（助动词或情态动词）+另一主语，根据主语的单复数来选择不同的系动词。



重点语言点：

Chinese lunar calender 阴历/农历
be stopped from doing sth. 被阻止做某事
be full of sth. 充满了.....
be based on 基于......
be found to be 被发现是.....
want to do sth. 某人想要做某事
mother-in-law 婆婆/岳母
continue doing sth. 继续做某事
make a mistake/mistakes 犯错误
miss doing sth. 没有做.....
rules of law 法治、法律规则
rather than 而不是......
according to sth. 根据.....
fail to do sth. 没能成功做.....
agree with.... 同意....