President Roosevelt
罗斯福总统

Do you know any 9-year-olds who have started their own museums?When Theodore Roosevelt(罗斯福) was only nine, he and two of his cousins opened the "Roosevelt Museum of Natural History". The museum was in Theodore's bedroom. It had a total of 12 specimens(标本). On display were a few seashells, some dead insects, and some birds' nests. Young Roosevelt took great pride in his small museum. 

你知道有9岁的孩子开了自己的博物馆吗?当西奥多·罗斯福只有九岁的时候，他和他的两个堂兄弟开办了“罗斯福自然历史博物馆”。博物馆在西奥多的卧室里。它总共有12个标本。展出的是一些贝壳、一些死昆虫和一些鸟巢。年轻的罗斯福对他的小博物馆感到非常自豪。

Born in New York in 1858, Theodore Roosevelt was not always healthy. I was a sickly, delicate boy, he once wrote. Roosevelt had a health condition called asthma(哮喘). He often found it hard to breathe. Instead of playing, he observed(观察) nature and then read and wrote about it. Roosevelt's interest in nature sometimes got him into trouble. Once, his mother found several dead mice in the icebox. She ordered him to throw them out. This was indeed "a loss to science", Roosevelt said later. 

西奥多·罗斯福于1858年出生于纽约，他并不总是健康的。他曾经写道，我是一个体弱多病、娇弱的男孩。罗斯福有一种叫做哮喘的健康状况。他经常感到呼吸困难。他不玩，而是观察自然，然后阅读和写作。罗斯福对自然的兴趣有时会给他带来麻烦。有一次，他妈妈在冰箱里发现了几只死老鼠。她命令他把它们扔出去。罗斯福后来说，这确实是“科学的损失”。

Because Roosevelt was often sickly as a boy, his body was small and weak. When he was about 12, his father urged him to improve his body. Roosevelt began working out in a gym. He didn't become strong quickly. But he did decide to face life's challenges with a strong spirit. That determination stayed with Roosevelt his whole life. And finally, his body did get strong. As an adult, he was an active, healthy person. He enjoyed adventures and loved outdoors. In 1900, at the age of 41, Roosevelt was elected Vice President(副总统). A year later, President McKinley was shot and killed. Roosevelt became the 26th president of the USA. At 42, he was the youngest leader the country had ever had. 

因为罗斯福小时候经常生病，他的身体又小又弱。当他大约12岁的时候，他的父亲敦促他改善他的身体。罗斯福开始在健身房锻炼。他没有很快变得强壮起来。但他决定以坚强的精神面对生活的挑战。这一决心伴随罗斯福一生。最后，他的身体变得强壮了。作为一个成年人，他是一个活跃、健康的人。他喜欢冒险，喜欢户外活动。1900年，41岁的罗斯福当选为副总统。一年后，麦金利总统遇刺身亡。罗斯福成为美国第26任总统。42岁的他是朝鲜历史上最年轻的领导人。