The Introduction of Fortune Cookies
签饼的介绍

No one really knows exactly how, when, or where fortune cookies(签饼) were invented. 

没有人确切知道幸运饼干是如何、何时、何地发明的。

One thing is for sure, fortune cookies were not from China. They were created in America. However, they may have been inspired by Chinese or Japanese treats. Some people think that fortune cookies may be created because of mooncakes, or some small Chinese cakes with messages inside. Some believe that fortune cookies are similar to traditional Japanese rice crackers(薄脆饼干). They once had a note inside. 

有一件事是肯定的，幸运饼干不是来自中国。它们是在美国创造的。然而，他们可能是受到了中国或日本美食的启发。一些人认为幸运饼干可能是因为月饼或一些小的中国糕点而创造出来的。一些人认为幸运饼干类似于传统的日本米饼。他们曾经在里面放了一张纸条。

Fortune cookies are so popular that two American cities, San Francisco and Los Angeles, once fought for the right to be the home of fortune cookies. 

幸运饼干是如此受欢迎，以至于美国的两个城市，旧金山和洛杉矶，曾经为成为幸运饼干之乡的权利而斗争。

In 1983,a trial(审判)was held to decide where fortune cookies came from. One side, David Jung, is the founder(创立者)of the Hong Kong Noodle Company in Los Angeles. He said he invented the fortune cookies in 1918. The other side argued that the fortune cookies were invented by a man named Makoto Hagiwara, who ran the Japanese Tea Garden in San Francisco in the 1890s. The judge sided with Hagiwara. It was not surprising, because the trial was held in San Francisco. People in Los Angeles later held their own trial and decided that their city was the home of fortune cookies. 

1983年举行了一次审判，以确定幸运饼干的来源。一方是David Jung，他是洛杉矶香港面条公司的创始人(创立者)。他说他在1918年发明了幸运饼干。另一方则认为幸运饼干是由一个名叫萩原诚(Makoto Hagiwara)的人发明的，他在19世纪90年代在旧金山经营着日本茶园。法官站在萩原那边。这并不奇怪，因为审判是在旧金山举行的。洛杉矶人后来举行了自己的审判，并认定他们的城市是幸运饼干的发源地。

No matter where fortune cookies were from, it is hard to imagine finishing a Chinese meal without opening this sweet, crispy treat and reading the message in it. 

不管幸运饼干来自哪里，很难想象在吃完一顿中餐后，不打开这种又甜又脆的点心，看看里面的信息。


主旨⼤意：⽂章主要介绍了签饼的起源以及强调它的美味。
语法点：
1. 宾语从句：由how/when/where,etc.特殊疑问词引导的宾语从句。
在No one really knows exactly how, when, or where fortune cookies were invented.中，knows后接由how, when, where引导的宾语从句，
分别表示⽅式，时间和地点。
2. 被动语态：
were invented 被发明、被创造，⼀般过去时被动语态⼀般形式为：was/were+动词过去分词，语态会随时态变化，be动词部分根据时态变
化。后⽂同理。
3. ⾮限制性定语从句：
⽂中who ran the Japanese Tea Garden是由who引导的⾮限制性定语从句，先⾏词为Makoto Hagiwara，由于是⼈，从句中缺少主语，因此
使⽤关系代词who，对上⽂提到的⼈物进⾏补充说明。删除⾮限制性定语从句不会影响整句话的主要意思。
4. 形式主语：
it is hard to imagine finishing a...中，it为形式主语，真正的主语为to imagine finishing...，结构为：it+be+adj.+to do sth.，使⽤形式主语可
以使句⼦避免头重脚轻。
⻓难句：
1. No one really knows exactly how, when, or where fortune cookies were invented.
主句是No one really knows exactly，从句是how, when, or where fortune cookies were invented，从句是由how/when/where（连接副
词）特殊疑问词引导的宾语从句。
2. Some people think that fortune cookies may be created because of mooncakes, or some small Chinese cakes with messages
inside.
其中主句是Some people think，从句是由that引导的完整的宾语从句 fortune cookies may be created...，宾语从句中包含由because of ...引
导的原因状语。
3. Fortune cookies are so popular that two American cities, San Francisco and Los Angeles,once fought for the right to be the home
of fortune cookie.
主句是Fortune cookies are so popular，后⾯是由that引导的结果状语从句，从句中San Francisco and Los Angeles是同位语，⽤于补充说
明。
4. The other side argued that the fortune cookies were invented by a man named Makoto Hagiwara, who ran the Japanese Tea
Garden in San Francisco in the 1890s.
主句是The other side argued，从句是由that引导的宾语从句that the fortune cookies were...，宾语从句中包含由who引导的⾮限制性定语从
句，修饰Makoto Hagiwara。
5. No matter where fortune cookies were from, it is hard to imagine finishing a Chinese meal without opening this sweet, crispy treat
and reading the message in it.
主句是it is hard to imagine....，前⾯是由no matter where引导的让步状语从句，后跟without的介词短语结构。
重点语⾔点：
be similar to 类似于
one thing is for sure（⼝语插⼊语）可以确定的是
be inspired by 受到……的⿎舞
because of 由于、因为
so...that... 如此……以⾄于……
fight for 争夺……
hold to do 做某事
one side, the other side ⼀⽅，另⼀⽅
the founder of sth ……的创⽴者
side with ⽀持、站在某⼈⼀边
it is hard to do sth ⼲……很难
no matter where=wherever ⽆论在何处
imagine doing sth 想象做某事