The interview With Bertha
与伯莎的一次采访

Me: Hello, television viewers! I am Aziza Bellamy, and thanks for watching.  I want to especially thank you, Ms.  Bertha, for agreeing to this interview on live television.  It’s a pleasure to meet you, the first known trans-galactic visitor to Earth.  Now, I understand that you are from a planet called Zadernol. 

我:电视观众们好!我是Aziza Bellamy，感谢收看。伯莎女士，我要特别感谢你同意接受这次电视直播采访。很高兴见到你，第一个来到地球的跨星系访客。我知道你来自一个叫扎德诺的星球。

Bertha: Just call me Miss Bertha or Bertha, please, but not “Ms. ”

伯莎:请叫我伯莎小姐或伯莎，但不要叫“女士”。

Me: Okay, sorry about that.  So, you’ve been on Earth for about a week now.  What have been your biggest disappointments or challenges so far?

我:好吧，对不起。你在地球上已经有一个星期了。到目前为止，你最大的失望或挑战是什么?

Bertha: It’s not the worst planet I’ve ever been to.  Mercury was much worse.  The aliens—oops, I mean humans, have been unkind, overall.  The family I’m staying with, for example, were nice at first.  But now they roll their eyes whenever I open my mouth to say anything.  They' re not interested in any of my stories.  And I think they may be trying to avoid me.  Worst of all, they make me wash my own dishes and bathe myself.  They’re so rude. 

伯莎:这不是我去过的最糟糕的星球。水星的情况更糟。外星人——哎呀，我是说人类，总的来说是不友善的。比如，我现在住的那户人家，一开始都很友好。但现在只要我开口说话，他们就会翻白眼。他们对我的故事不感兴趣。我觉得他们可能在躲着我。最糟糕的是，他们让我自己洗碗，自己洗澡。他们太粗鲁了。

Me: Oh, um…wow.  That’s just…

我:哦，嗯……哇。这只是…

Bertha: I am used to having high standards when I choose where to stay, by the way.  I have stayed with royalty and presidents on other planets.  And they all adored (崇拜) me and begged me not to leave.  But I gave this human family a chance to host me.  I mean, really, they should be grateful that I selected them, of all the people on Earth, to wash my clothes and cook my meals and entertain (款待) me. 

伯莎:顺便说一下，我在选择住宿地点时习惯了高标准。我和其他星球的皇室成员和总统呆过。他们都崇拜我，求我不要离开。但我给了这个人类大家庭一个招待我的机会。我的意思是，真的，他们应该感激我在地球上这么多人中，偏偏选中了他们，帮我洗衣服、做饭、招待我。

Me: Well, what you’re saying is surprising, Bertha.  Do you think it’s possible that this family just wants you to pitch in a little, to be a good guest?

我:嗯，你说的话真让人吃惊，伯莎。你觉得有没有可能这家人只是想让你帮点忙，做个好客人?

Bertha: It’s odd to me that you’re not agreeing with me.  If you were smarter, you’d agree with me.  That’s another thing.  Everyone on Zadernol is smarter than the smartest person on Earth.  Earth is below me. 

伯莎:你不同意我的观点，这对我来说很奇怪。如果你聪明一点，你就会同意我的看法。这是另一回事。扎德诺上的每个人都比地球上最聪明的人聪明。地球人比我低级。

Me: You know what.  Bertha? I’m starting to see why you’re so unhappy here on Earth.  You’re just a boastful (自夸的), spoiled alien. 

我:你知道吗，伯莎？我开始明白你为什么在地球上这么不开心了。你只是一个爱吹牛、被宠坏的外星人。