The Dangerous Jeans
危险的牛仔裤

Think about what you like to wear on the weekend. There's a good chance that you like to put on a pair of blue jeans. At any moment, about half of the world's population is wearing jeans. But according to a new study, our love for jeans may be bad for earth. The cloth used to make jeans might be putting some sea animals in danger. Every time we wash our jeans, small bits of it will flow out of our washing machines and into the world's rivers, lakes and sea. 

想想你周末喜欢穿什么。你很有可能喜欢穿一条蓝色牛仔裤。在任何时候，世界上大约有一半的人口都在穿牛仔裤。但根据一项新的研究，我们对牛仔裤的热爱可能对地球有害。用于制作牛仔裤的布料可能会使一些海洋动物处于危险之中。每次我们洗牛仔裤时，都会有一小部分从洗衣机里流出，流入世界上的河流、湖泊和海洋。

You might wonder: isn't the cloth made of something natural?How can it become a danger to nature?Well, when making jeans, the cloth is treated with many types of man-made chemicals. Scientists aren't yet sure how the chemicals in the cloth might harm animals. 

你可能会想:布不是用天然的东西做的吗?它怎么会成为对自然的威胁呢?嗯，在制作牛仔裤时，布料要经过多种人造化学物质的处理。科学家们还不确定布料中的化学物质会如何伤害动物。

In the study, the scientists also washed jeans to see how many bits of the cloth on average（平均）each pair would drop per wash. The answer was worrying: about 50,000. Not all of them make their way into the environment. Wastewater treatment plants hold back 83 to 99 percent of them. This may sound pretty good. However, one percent of 50,000 are still 500 per wash. Now think about the number of jeans around the world and the times each of them gets washed. As a result, a large amount of the cloth still gets into the environment. 

在这项研究中，科学家们还洗了牛仔裤，看看平均每条牛仔裤每次会掉多少小碎块。答案令人担忧:大约5万块。并不是所有的细菌都能进入环境。废水处理厂保留了83%到99%的废水。这听起来很不错。然而，每次清洗的时候5万个的1%始终也是有500个。现在想想世界上牛仔裤的数量和每条牛仔裤被洗的次数。因此，大量的布料仍然会进入环境中。

Does this mean we shouldn't wear jeans? Probably not. “We need to buy fewer clothes and only wash them when we truly need to do it,” says Sam Athey, one of the scientists.  “You don't need to wash your jeans after having worn them only a few times. ”

这是否意味着我们不应该穿牛仔裤?可能不会。“我们需要少买衣服，只在真正需要洗的时候才洗，”其中一位科学家山姆·阿塞(Sam Athey)说。“你不需要在牛仔裤穿了几次之后就洗它。”