How to be a Good Hairdresser
如何成为一个好的美发师

Anyone can cut hair. But not anyone can be a good hairdresser(发型师). It is not difficult to learn the skills of cutting and colouring hair, but it takes so much more to be really good in this exciting job. 

任何人都会剪头发。但是并不是每个人都能成为一个好的理发师。学习剪发和染发的技能并不难，但要想在这份令人兴奋的工作中表现出色，就需要付出更多的努力。

To be an excellent hairdresser you have to love what you do. If you dream it, enjoy it and can't get enough of it, then you have the perfect start. 

要成为一名优秀的美发师，你必须热爱你的工作。如果你向往它，享受它，并且欲罢不能，那么你就有了一个完美的开始。

And yes, you should be an artist. You have to be able to see what you want to create. You must design different hairstyles(发型)for different people according to their ages, face shapes, kinds of hair and so on. It is a hard job to help someone to find the perfect look and to give advice. 

是的，你应该成为一名艺术家。你必须能够看到你想要创造的东西。你必须根据不同的人的年龄、脸型、头发等设计不同的发型。帮助别人找到完美的外表并给出建议是一项艰难的工作。

Be a great listener. No matter how skillful you are, it won't do any good unless your customer is happy. And they are only happy when they are more beautiful than before and feel that they get all they want. To understand the needs of someone you have to listen carefully to what they are saying and also understand what they are not saying. 

做一个好的倾听者。除非你的客户满意，否则无论你有多熟练，都不会有任何好处。只有当他们比以前更漂亮，觉得他们得到了他们想要的一切时，他们才会快乐。要了解别人的需求，你必须仔细听他们说了什么，也要明白他们没有说什么。

Be fit. You will be on your feet and moving around all day. So it is important to be in good shape. You would not be a happy hairdresser with pain in the legs or feet. So keep exercising regularly, eat healthy and be sure to wear good shoes. 

保持健康。你需要整天持久地站立着，并且四处走动。所以保持好身材很重要。当你的脚或者腿疼痛时，你不会是一个快乐的理发师。所以要经常锻炼，健康饮食，一定要穿一双好鞋。

Be strong. What should you do when you have problems or stress(压力)?To be a happy hairdresser means to face many kinds of stress. No matter how good you are, there will be unhappy customers. Learn to find good ways to work out the problems. You want people to come back to you and they will if they feel that you care about how they feel. 

要坚强。当你遇到问题或压力时，你应该怎么做?做一个快乐的美发师意味着要面对各种各样的压力。无论你做得多好，总会有不满意的客户。学会找到解决问题的好方法。你希望顾客会再次光顾，如果他们觉得你关心他们的感受，他们就会回来。