Climate Change & Sporting Events
气候变化&体育赛事

For sports fans, nothing could be better than watching a live event on TV or at a sports field. But there's nothing worse than that event being called off because of bad weather. Bad light, a water-logged court, or too much heat can cause matches to be postponed. But according to the latest research, extreme weather might be disturbing the sporting calendar more than ever in the future. 

对于体育迷来说，没有什么比在电视上或体育场上观看现场比赛更好的了。但没有什么比因为天气不好而取消比赛更糟糕的了。光线不好，球场积水，或者天气太热都会导致比赛推迟。但根据最新研究，未来极端天气可能会比以往任何时候都更扰乱体育日程。

In one sport, golf, major tournaments like The Open, are already predicted to be victims of our changing climate. In the UK, an organization called The Climate Coalition says that golf courses such as St Andrews could be underwater by the end of the century if sea levels rise even slightly. It told the BBC that its research predicts "canceled football matches, flooded cricket grounds, and golf courses sinking into the sea. "

在一项运动中，高尔夫，像英国公开赛这样的大型比赛，已经被预测为气候变化的受害者。在英国，一个名为“气候联盟”的组织表示，如果海平面略微上升，到本世纪末，像圣安德鲁斯这样的高尔夫球场可能会被淹没。该机构告诉BBC，其研究预测“足球比赛被取消，板球场被淹没，高尔夫球场沉入大海。”

The threat to sporting events from climate change has been further highlighted in a new report, officially approved and licensed by the Rapid Transition Alliance. Writing about this for the BBC, Matt McGrath says that "By 2050, it's estimated that almost one in four English football league grounds can expect to flood every year. " This will mean fewer matches played, less opportunity to watch the beautiful game, and reduced government taxation from ticket sales. 

快速转型联盟(Rapid Transition Alliance)正式批准并授权的一份新报告进一步强调了气候变化对体育赛事的威胁。马特·麦格拉斯在为BBC撰写的文章中写道:“到2050年，据估计，每年有近四分之一的英格兰足球联赛场地会被洪水淹没。”这将意味着比赛减少，观看精彩比赛的机会减少，政府从门票销售中获得的税收减少。

Cricket also faces huge challenges globally as temperatures rise in places like India, Australia, and the West Indies. The report says that stadiums in Adelaide and Perth will see a 60% increase in days with temperatures over 40 degrees centigrade over the next decade. 

随着印度、澳大利亚和西印度群岛等地气温上升，板球在全球范围内也面临着巨大的挑战。报告称，未来十年，阿德莱德和珀斯的体育场气温超过40摄氏度的天数将增加60%。

Of course, we know that the solution lies in reducing our carbon footprint. We could travel less to attend sports events, and reduce our waste when we do go. But this latest report finds that sports leaders are generally failing to address the issue seriously. However, because sport is universally popular and can be very influential, maybe it should be players, teams, and their sponsors as well as fans who should promote a wide low carbon message to help protect sporting fields—before it's 'game over'. 

当然，我们知道解决方案在于减少我们的碳足迹。我们可以少去参加体育赛事，减少我们去的时候的浪费。但这份最新报告发现，体育领导人普遍未能认真解决这个问题。然而，由于体育运动是普遍受欢迎的，并且可能非常有影响力，也许应该由运动员、球队、他们的赞助商以及球迷来推广广泛的低碳信息，以帮助保护体育场地——在它“游戏结束”之前。