E-Book VS Paper Book
电子书VS纸质书

Last week, Education Secretary Arne Duncan declared war on paper textbooks. Over the next few years, he said in a speech at the National Press Club, "Textbooks should be abandoned. " In their place would come a variety of digital-learning technologies, like e-readers and multi-media websites. 

上周，教育部长阿恩·邓肯向纸质教科书宣战。在接下来的几年里，他在全国新闻俱乐部的一次演讲中说，“教科书应该被抛弃。”取而代之的是各种各样的数字学习技术，比如电子阅读器和多媒体网站。

Such technologies certainly have their place. But Secretary Duncan is threatening to light a fire to a tried-and-true technology that has been the foundation for one of the great educational systems on the planet. And while e-readers and multi-media may seem appealing, the idea of replacing an effective learning platform with a widely hyped （炒作） but still unproven one is extremely dangerous. 

这些技术当然有它们的一席之地。但是邓肯部长威胁要点燃一种久经考验的技术的火焰，这种技术是地球上最伟大的教育体系之一的基础。虽然电子阅读器和多媒体似乎很有吸引力，但用一种被广泛宣传但尚未得到证实的学习平台来取代有效的学习平台的想法是极其危险的。

An expert on reading, Maryanne Wolf, has recently begun studying the effects of digital reading on learning, and so far the results are mixed. She worries that Internet reading, in particular, could be such a source of distractions for the student that they may cancel out most other potential benefits of a web-linked, e-learning environment, and while it's true that the high-tech industry has sponsored considerable amounts of research on the potential benefits of Web-based learning, not enough time has passed for longitudinal （纵向的） studies to demonstrate the full effects. 

阅读专家玛丽安·沃尔夫(Maryanne Wolf)最近开始研究数字阅读对学习的影响，到目前为止，结果好坏参半。她担心，尤其是网络阅读，可能会让学生分心，从而可能抵消网络连接的电子学习环境的大多数其他潜在好处。虽然高科技行业确实赞助了大量关于网络学习潜在好处的研究，但没有足够的时间进行纵向研究来证明其全部效果。

In addition, digital-reading advocates claim that lightweight e-books benefit students' backs and save schools money. But the rolling backpack seems to have solved the weight problem, and the astonishing costs to equip every student with an e-reader, provide technical support, and pay for regular software updates promise to make the e-textbook a very pricey choice. 

此外，数字阅读的倡导者声称，轻便的电子书对学生的背部有益，并为学校节省资金。但是滚动背包似乎已经解决了重量问题，而且为每个学生配备电子阅读器、提供技术支持和支付定期软件更新的惊人成本保证了电子教科书成为一个非常昂贵的选择。

As both a teacher who uses paper textbooks and a student of urban history, I can't help but wonder what parallels exist between my own field and this sudden, wholesale abandonment of the technology of paper. 

作为一名使用纸质教科书的教师和一名研究城市历史的学生，我不禁想知道，在我自己的领域和这种突然、大规模地抛弃纸质技术之间存在着什么相似之处。