Rescue Kirk Alexander
营救柯克·亚历山大

When Kirk Alexander went missing for 11 days, an unlikely savior came to his rescue: his neighborhood pizza store. 

当柯克·亚历山大(Kirk Alexander)失踪11天后，一位意想不到的救星来救了他:他家附近的披萨店。

Almost every night for more than ten years. Kirk Alexander, 48, of Salem, Oregon ordered a late dinner from his local Domino's pizza store. He had no signature order. Sometimes he would call for a salad, sometimes a pie, sometimes chicken wings. The only sure thing for the staff of the Silverton Road Domino's was that they would see Alexander's name show up on their online ordering site sometime between 11 p.m. and midnight several times a week.

十多年来几乎每天晚上都这样。48岁的柯克·亚历山大来自俄勒冈州塞勒姆，他在当地的达美乐披萨店点了一顿很晚的晚餐。他没有签名命令。有时他要沙拉，有时要派，有时要鸡翅。对于西尔弗顿路达美乐的员工来说，唯一确定的事情是，他们会在晚上11点到11点之间的某个时间看到亚历山大的名字出现在他们的在线订购网站上。

Until suddenly, for nearly two weeks at the end of April 2016, they didn't. 

直到突然之间，在2016年4月底的近两周时间里，他们没有这样做。

It was a slow Saturday night on May 7th when Domino's general manager Sarah Fuller felt she could no longer ignore Alexander's recent absence. 

5月7日是一个缓慢的周六晚上，达美乐总经理莎拉·富勒觉得她不能再忽视亚历山大最近的缺席。

I went and looked up to see how long it had been since he last ordered, Fuller told KATU. com.  "It was 11 days, which was not like him at all. "

富勒告诉KATU. com网站说:“我去看了看他上次点餐有多久了。”“只有11天，这一点也不像他。”

Fuller knew Alexander worked from home, and neighbors said he rarely left. She also knew that he had suffered some health issues in the past. Something, Fuller worried, was wrong. 

富勒知道亚历山大在家工作，邻居们说他很少出门。她还知道他过去有过一些健康问题。富勒担心有些地方出了问题。

Around 1 a. m.  on Sunday. On May 8, Fuller sent longtime delivery driver Tracey Hamblen to stop in at Alexander's home. Hamblen approached Alexander's door as he had countless times before and knocked. He could plainly see that Alexander's TV set was on, as were his lights; but after several minutes, Alexander still didn't answer the door. 

周日凌晨1点左右。5月8日，富勒派了长期的送货司机特雷西·汉布伦(Tracey Hamblen)去亚历山大家。汉布伦像以前无数次一样，走近亚历山大的房门，敲了敲门。他清楚地看到亚历山大的电视机开着，他的灯也开着;但几分钟后，亚历山大仍然没有应门。

Hamblen rushed back to the store to relay the upsetting developments to Fuller. She encouraged Hamblen to dial 911. Soon, officers were on their way. 

汉布伦赶紧跑回商店，把这令人不安的进展转告富勒。她鼓励汉布伦拨打911。很快，警察就来了。

When deputies from the Marion County Sheriff's office arrived at Alexander's house, they heard a man "calling for help from inside the residence", deputies said. They broke the door down and found Alexander on the floor in need of immediate medical attention. One day later, they might have been too late. 

当马里昂县警长办公室的警员赶到亚历山大家时，他们听到一名男子“在屋内呼救”，警员说。他们破门而入，发现亚历山大躺在地板上，需要立即就医。再迟一天，他们可能就来不及了。

Alexander was rushed to Salem Hospital, where he was listed in stable condition shortly after the dramatic rescue. In the following weeks, Fuller, Hamblen, and other store employees went to visit him with flowers and cards, noting that Alexander greeted them with knowing smiles. 

亚历山大被紧急送往塞勒姆医院，在戏剧性的救援后不久，他的情况稳定。在接下来的几个星期里，富勒、汉布伦和其他店员带着鲜花和卡片去看望亚历山大，他们注意到亚历山大会心地微笑着迎接他们。