Downshifting
降速

When I made the decision to quit my full-time employment, I never thought that I could get involved in an increasing global trend. I had to leave my relatively high-profile position for an unexpected move that hurt my pride and prevented me from getting promoted. Yet, I excused my departure by saying “I wanted to spend more time with my family”

当我做出辞去全职工作的决定时，我从未想到自己会卷入一个不断增长的全球趋势。我不得不为了一个出乎意料的变动离开知名度相对高的职位，这个变动伤害了我的自豪感，并阻止了我获得晋升。然而，我以“我想花更多时间与家人在一起”为借口为自己的离开辩解。

Curiously, after around two and a half years, my experience in what Americans refer to as "downshifting" has turned my excuse into an absolute reality. I have been transformed from a passionate advocate of Linda Kelsey's “ have it all” concept , which she has been promoting for the past seven years in the pages of SHE magazine , into a woman who is content to accept a little bit of everything. 

奇怪的是，在大约两年半之后，我在美国人所说的“降速”方面的经历将我的借口变成了绝对的现实。我已经从一个热情倡导琳达·凯尔西的“拥有一切”概念的人，转变为一个满足于“接受一切”的女人。她在《她》杂志的版面上推广这个“拥有一切”的概念已经有七年了。

I have discovered that abandoning the idea of “juggling your life”and adopting the alternative strategy of “downshifting" has benefits that go far beyond financial success and social status. Nothing could convince me to go back to the lifestyle Kelsey used to promote and which I had previously enjoyed :12-hour workdays , tight deadlines, the terrifying pressure of office politics, and the demand of being a parent on " quality time”. 

我发现放弃“努力平衡生活”的想法，采用“降速”的替代策略，其好处远远超出了财务成功和社会地位。没有什么能说服我回到凯尔西过去推广的、我以前享受过的生活方式——12 小时的工作日、紧张的截止日期、可怕的办公室政治压力、以及做“一个有“高质量陪伴时间”父母。

After the widespread layoffs brought on by cost-cutting in the late 1980s, America started to move toward a simpler, less materialistic way of life as a response to the economic downturn. In America, simplifying one's life,is frequently done for financial reasons, but in Britain ,at least among the middle class I know,we have different motivations for doing so. For the women of my generation who were encouraged to keep juggling, downshifting is not so much a search for a mythical good life-growing your own organic vegetables, and risking turning into one-as a personal recognition of your limitations. 

在 20 世纪 80 年代末由于成本削减带来的广泛裁员之后，美国开始走向一种更简单、更少物质主义的生活方式，作为对经济衰退的回应。在美国，简化自己的生活往往是出于财务原因，但在英国，至少在我认识的中产阶级中，我们这样做的动机不同。对于我们这一代被鼓励努力保持生活平衡的女性来说，与其说降速是寻找一种神秘的美好生活——自己种植有机蔬菜、去冒险变成另一个人——不如说个人认识到了自己局限性的。