Superpowers From Teachers
教师的超能力

I decided at 10 that I was going to be a teacher because I had a burning desire for superpowers. As a boy, I could clearly see some of my teachers had extraordinary powers. 

我十岁的时候就决定要成为一名老师，因为我对超能力有着强烈的渴望。作为一个男孩，我可以清楚地看到我的一些老师有非凡的能力。

There was an English teacher in fifth grade who could magically transport us to different worlds every day by telling us stories and reading to us from books we would otherwise never pick up. This was our secret and fun time because fifth graders were considered too old to have stories read out to them. 

五年级的时候有一位英语老师，他每天都能神奇地把我们带到不同的世界，给我们讲故事，给我们读一些我们永远不会拿起的书。这是我们的秘密和有趣的时间，因为五年级学生被认为太老了，不能给他们读故事。

It was even shocking that my teacher could see the invisible. I was one of those who lacked insight, Yet my teacher would notice me, and the unspoken message in her eyes suggested that she could see me through. She had another superpower and even after four decades, I could still vividly remember her lessons about the great masters of art and great geographers, expanding our horizons. She did this even though her major was not art or geography. Her lessons went beyond the textbook I knew I wanted to be one of those all-seeing ones with superpowers that made children feel safe and valued. 

甚至令我震惊的是，我的老师能看到看不见的东西。我是那种缺乏洞察力的人，但我的老师会注意到我，她眼中无言的信息表明她能看透我。她还有另一种超能力，即使在四十年后，我仍然清楚地记得她给我上的关于伟大艺术大师和伟大地理学家的课，开阔了我们的视野。尽管她的专业不是艺术或地理，但她还是这么做了。我知道我想成为那些拥有超能力的全视者中的一员，让孩子们感到安全和有价值。

I know being a teacher isn't the easiest or the most financially rewarding of jobs. And there are occupational risks-your knees can become worn out from years of carrying piles of notebooks up and down the school staircase, and your voice can give in from too much talking. But despite all that, there are those choosing this cause. To them, teaching is not just a job, it is a science, an art, and a craft, and it demands emotional labor and investment. 

我知道当老师不是最容易的工作，也不是最赚钱的工作。而且还有职业风险——你的膝盖可能会因为多年来在学校楼梯上拿着成堆的笔记本而磨损，你的声音可能会因为说话太多而变弱。但尽管如此，还是有人选择了这一事业。对他们来说，教学不仅仅是一份工作，它是一门科学、一门艺术、一门手艺，它需要情感劳动和投入。

All my life, for three decades now, I've gone to work early each day with a spring in my step. Occasionally, I meet my former students. Their obvious love for me and fond memories of our time together are my rewards. When I meet others who thirst for superpowers, like the brand new teacher struggling to perfect her skills with a brave face on, or the one in a remote, rural school traveling 70 kilometers each day just for his pupils, I feel proud to belong to the same group. 

三十年来，我每天都早早地去上班，步伐轻快。偶尔，我会遇到我以前的学生。他们对我显而易见的爱和我们在一起的美好回忆是对我的回报。当我遇到其他渴望超能力的人时，比如那个勇敢地努力完善自己技能的新老师，或者那个在偏远的农村学校每天旅行70公里只为他的学生，我为自己属于同一个群体而感到自豪。