Even Happier for Older People
更快乐的老年人

Here are two interesting questions. Are you very happy with your life now?Are people happier as they get older?A study found that people generally become happier and experience less worry after age 50. In fact, it found that by the age of 85, people are happier with their life than they were at 18. 

这里有两个有趣的问题。你对现在的生活很满意吗?人们会随着年龄的增长而更快乐吗?一项研究发现，人们在50岁之后通常会变得更快乐，更少担心。事实上，研究发现，到85岁时，人们比18岁时对生活更满意。

The finding came from a Gallup survey of more than 340,000 adults between the age of 18 and 85 in the United States. 

这一发现来自盖洛普对美国34万名年龄在18岁至85岁之间的成年人的调查。

Arthur Stone in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Science at Stony Brook University in New York led the study. His team found that levels of stress were highest among adults between the ages of 22 and 25. Stress levels dropped sharply after people reached their fifties. 

纽约石溪大学精神病学和行为科学系的亚瑟·斯通领导了这项研究。他的研究小组发现，22岁至25岁的成年人的压力水平最高。人们到了50多岁之后，压力水平急剧下降。

Happiness was highest among the youngest adults and those in their early seventies. But the people least likely to report feeling negative emotions were those in their seventies and eighties. The survey also found that men and women had similar emotional patterns as they grow older. However, women of all ages reported more sadness, stress, and worry than men did. 

最年轻的成年人和70岁出头的人的幸福感最高。但最不可能感到消极情绪的是那些七八十岁的人。调查还发现，随着年龄的增长，男性和女性的情绪模式相似。然而，所有年龄段的女性都比男性报告了更多的悲伤、压力和担忧。

The researchers also considered possible influences like having young children, being unemployed, or being single. But they found that influences like these did not affect the levels of happiness and well-being related to age. 

研究人员还考虑了可能的影响因素，如有年幼的孩子、失业或单身。但他们发现，这些影响并不会影响与年龄相关的幸福和幸福水平。

So why would happiness increase with age?One theory is that, as people get older, they become more thankful for what they have and have better control of their emotions. They also spend less time thinking about bad experiences. 

那么，为什么幸福感会随着年龄增长而增长呢?有一种理论认为，随着年龄的增长，人们会对所拥有的一切更加感恩，也能更好地控制自己的情绪。他们也很少花时间去想不好的经历。

The original goal of the study was to confirm the popular belief that aging is connected with increased sleep problems. The survey did find an increase during middle age, especially in women. But except for that, people reported that they felt their sleep quality improved as they got older. 

这项研究的最初目的是证实人们普遍认为衰老与睡眠问题增加有关。调查确实发现，在中年，尤其是女性中，这种情况有所增加。但除此之外，人们报告说，随着年龄的增长，他们觉得自己的睡眠质量有所改善。