City Life
城市生活

That cold January night, I was growing sick of my life in San Francisco. There I was, walking home at one in the morning after a tiring practice at the theater. With opening night only a week ago, I was still learning my lines. I was having trouble dealing with my part-time job at the bank and my acting at night at the same time. As I walked, I thought seriously about giving up both acting and San Francisco. City life had become too much for me. 

在那个寒冷的一月夜晚，我开始厌倦旧金山的生活。凌晨一点，我在剧院疲惫地练习完，步行回家。首演才一周前，我还在学习台词。我在银行做兼职，晚上还要演戏，这让我很头疼。走着走着，我认真地想过要放弃表演和旧金山。城市生活对我来说已经变得难以忍受了。

As I walked down empty streets under tall buildings, I felt very small and cold. I began running, both to keep warm and to keep away from any possible robbers. Very few people were still out except a few sad-looking homeless people under blankets. 

当我走在高楼大厦下空荡荡的街道上时，我感到自己又小又冷。我开始跑起来，既是为了保暖，也是为了远离可能的强盗。几乎没有人还在外面，除了几个看起来很悲伤的无家可归的人。

About a block from my apartment, I heard a sound behind me. I turned quickly, half expecting to see someone with a knife or a gun. The street was empty. All I saw was a shining streetlight. Still, the noise made me nervous, so I started to run faster. Not until I reached my apartment building and unlocked the door did I realize what the noise had been. It had been my wallet falling to the sidewalk. 

离我的公寓大约一个街区的地方，我听到身后有声音。我迅速转过身来，还以为会看到拿着刀或枪的人。街上空无一人。我只看到一盏闪亮的路灯。尽管如此，噪音还是让我感到紧张，所以我开始跑得更快。直到我来到我的公寓大楼，打开门，我才意识到刚才的声音是什么。原来是我的钱包掉在了人行道上。

Suddenly I wasn't cold or tired anymore. I ran out of the door and back to where I'd heard the noise. Although I searched the sidewalk anxiously for fifteen minutes, my wallet was nowhere to be found. Just as I was about to give up the search, I heard the garbage truck (垃圾车) pull up to the sidewalk beside me. When a voice called from the inside, "Alisa Camacho?" I thought I was dreaming. How could this man know my name?The door opened and out jumped a small red-haired man with an amused look in his eye. Is this what you're looking for? he asked, holding up a small square shape. 

突然间，我不再感到寒冷和疲倦了。我跑出房门，回到听到声音的地方。尽管我焦急地在人行道上找了15分钟，我的钱包还是没有找到。正当我准备放弃搜寻时，我听到垃圾车在我旁边的人行道上停了下来。当一个声音从里面传来，“艾丽莎·卡马乔?”我以为我在做梦。这个人怎么会知道我的名字?门开了，一个红头发的小个子男人跳了出来，眼里带着一种逗乐的神情。这就是你要找的吗?他举起一个小方块问道。

It was nearly 3 a. m.  by the time I got into bed. I wouldn't get much sleep that night, but I had gotten my wallet back. I also had gotten back some enjoyment of city life. I realized that the city couldn't be a bad place as long as people were willing to help each other. 

我上床的时候已经快凌晨3点了。那天晚上我没怎么睡，但我找回了钱包。我也重新获得了一些城市生活的乐趣。我意识到，只要人们愿意互相帮助，这座城市就不会是一个糟糕的地方。

主旨大意：文章介绍了我本来对城市生活感觉厌倦，但是因为在凌晨钱包丢了，一个路人捡到钱包给我，顿时感觉只要人们互相帮助，城市生活也不算太糟。



长难句：
1. I realized that the city couldn't be a bad place as long as people were willing to help each other。
在这句中，主句是I realized that，其中that引导了一个宾语从句，在宾语从句中，as long as 引导了一个条件状语从句。



语法点：
1. 独立主格结构
在这句话With opening night only a week ago, I was still learning my lines，有一个with引导的独立主格结构，在句子中作状语，表示伴随、方式、原因、结果等。 它不是句子而是短语，其结构为： with+名词/代词+形容词/ 副词/名词/介词短语/非谓语动词
2. 非谓语从句：现在分词作伴随状语
在这句I turned quickly, half expecting to see someone with a knife or a gun. The street was empty，expecting是现在分词作伴随状语，其逻辑主语是I，与逻辑主语I 是主动关系，故用ing形式。
3. not until的倒装句：
在句子Not until I reached my apartment building and unlocked the door did I realize what the noise had been, 有一个not until 的强调句，Not until要放在一起并提前至句首。 其基本结构为：Not until + 状语（从句）+ 部分倒装的句子主干/主句（be/助动词/情态动词 + 主语 +...）
4. 过去完成时
句子It had been my wallet falling to the sidewalk，出现了过去完成时，结构式had done，表示过去某一时间或动作以前已经完成了的动作，即“过去的过去”。



重点语言点：
be sick of 厌倦
have trouble doing sth. 做某事有困难

deal with 处理
at the same time 同时
give up 放弃
keep away from 远离
keep warm 保暖
under blankets 裹着毯子
a shining streetlight 闪光的街灯
look for 寻找
give up 放弃
garbage truck 垃圾车
be about to do 打算做某事
hold up 拿着
be willing to do 愿意做某事
as long as 只要