Jazz

Some of the world's most famous musicians recently gathered in Paris and New Orleans to celebrate the first annual International Jazz Day. UNESCO( United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) recently set April 30 as a day to raise awareness of jazz music, its significance, and its potential as a unifying (联合) voice across cultures. 

一些世界上最著名的音乐家最近聚集在巴黎和新奥尔良，庆祝第一个年度国际爵士乐日。联合国教育、科学及文化组织最近将4月30日定为跨文化联合声音的一天，目的是为了提高人们对爵士乐重要性及潜力的认识。

Despite the celebrations, though, in the U. S.  the jazz audience continues to shrink and grow older, and the music has failed to connect with younger generations. 

然而，尽管美国举国欢庆爵士乐，但爵士乐的听众数量不断减少，年龄越来越大，这种音乐未能与年轻一代建立联系。

It's Jason Moran's job to help change that. As the Kennedy Center's artistic adviser for jazz, Moran hopes to widen the audience for jazz, make the music more accessible, and preserve its history and culture. 

杰森·莫兰的工作就是帮助改变这种状况。作为肯尼迪中心的爵士艺术顾问，莫兰希望拓宽爵士乐的听众，让爵士乐更容易被接受，并保留它的历史和文化。

“Jazz seems like it's not really a part of the American appetite,” Moran tells National Public Radio's reporter Neal Conan.  “What I'm hoping to accomplish is that my generation and younger start to reconsider and understand that jazz is not black and white anymore.  It's actually color, and it's actually digital. “

“爵士乐似乎并不是美国人爱好的一部分，”莫兰告诉国家公共广播电台的记者尼尔·柯南。“我希望完成的是，我们这一代和更年轻的一代开始思考并理解爵士乐不再是非黑即白。它实际上是彩色的，而且是数码的。”

Moran says one of the problems with jazz today is that the entertainment aspect of the music has been lost. “The music can't be presented today the way it was in 1908 or 1958.  It has to continue to move, because the way the world works is not the same,” says Moran. 

莫兰说，如今爵士乐的一个问题是，这种音乐的娱乐方面已经消失了。“现在的音乐不能以1908年或1958年的方式呈现。它必须继续前进，因为世界的运作方式已经不一样了，”莫兰说。

Last year, Moran worked on a project that arranged Fats Waller's music for a dance party, “Just to kind of put it back in the mind that Waller is dance music as much as it is concert music,” says Moran.  “For me, it's the recontextualization.  In music, where does the emotion (情感) lie? Are we, as humans, gaining any insight (感悟) on how to talk about ourselves and how something as abstract as a Charlie Parker record gets us into a dialogue about our emotions and our thoughts? Sometimes we lose sight that the music has a wider context,” says Moran, “so I want to continue those dialogues.  Those are the things I want to foster. ”

去年，莫兰参与了一个项目，为一个舞会编排了Fats Waller的音乐，“只是想让人们重新认识到，Waller既是舞曲，也是音乐会音乐，”莫兰说。“对我来说，这是一种重新情境化。在音乐中，情感在哪里?对于怎样去谈论我们自身，以及一些像查理·帕克的唱片一样抽象的事物，它们是怎样将我们带入关于我们自己情感与思想的对话，作为人类的我们会获得一些感悟吗？有时我们忽略了音乐有更广泛的背景，”莫兰说，“所以我想继续这些对话。这些都是我想培养的东西。”