The Disadvantages of Online Class
网络课程的缺点

Online classes began to be popularized just a few decades ago. They are advertised as a way for adults to finish their education and students to learn the material at their own pace—it is far more suitable for people with busy schedules. 

几十年前，在线课程才开始普及。它们被宣传为成年人完成教育和学生按照自己的节奏学习材料的一种方式，它更适合日程繁忙的人。

But after being enrolled in an online course last fall semester, I came to realize online classes were merely a means to fulfil course requirements. 

但在去年秋季学期参加了一门网络课程后，我意识到网络课程仅仅是满足课程要求的一种手段。

First of all, students lack the desire to learn, and they simply complete their assignments to receive credit for a passing grade rather than genuinely engage with the course material. 

首先，学生缺乏学习的欲望，他们只是完成作业来获得学分，而不是真正地投入到课程材料中。

As online courses tend to have more than 100 students, most of the assignments are short and simple. They are not designed for students to interact with the material in depth but designed to be graded easily to accommodate such a large number of students. 

由于在线课程的学生人数往往超过100人，因此大多数作业都很简短。它们不是为了让学生与材料进行深入互动而设计的，而是为了方便地评分，以适应如此多的学生。

Perhaps the biggest disadvantage of taking an online class is the absence of face-to-face interaction between the teacher and their students. Live sessions are infrequent and are often scheduled during the middle of the day when students have to attend other classes or work. The office hours of the professor may also be during inconvenient times for many students as well. Most interaction with the professor has to be through email which is often impersonal. It is nearly impossible for students to build a relationship with their professor. 

也许上网络课最大的缺点是老师和学生之间缺乏面对面的互动。现场授课的次数很少，通常安排在学生要上其他课或工作的中午。教授的办公时间对许多学生来说也可能是不方便的时间。大多数与教授的互动都是通过电子邮件进行的，这往往是没有人情味的。学生与教授建立良好的关系几乎是不可能的。

There is also little interaction among students. It can be harder for students to create study groups and form relationships with their peers. 

学生之间的互动也很少。对于学生来说，建立学习小组和与同龄人建立关系可能会更加困难。

Online classes also require either a computer or laptop and a reliable Internet connection. Not all students have access to these types of resources, whether it is for financial or other reasons, and some students can be put at a disadvantage. Offering online classes certainly helps students who would otherwise not be able to attend classroom sessions. However, they fail to provide a true education with an emphasis on convenience rather than critical thinking. We need restructure online classes in which students can have a learning experience that will actually provide quality education. 

在线课程还需要一台电脑或笔记本电脑以及可靠的互联网连接。不是所有的学生都有机会获得这些类型的资源，无论是出于经济原因还是其他原因，一些学生可能会处于不利地位。提供在线课程当然可以帮助那些原本无法参加课堂教学的学生。然而，他们没有提供真正的教育，强调方便，而不是批判性思维。我们需要重组在线课程，让学生能够获得真正提供优质教育的学习体验。

主旨大意：文章叙述了网络课程的缺点，网络课程不但没法激起学生学习的欲望，缺少师生互动，学生之间的联系，而且不是每个人都可以获得上网课的设备。

长难句：
1. They are advertised as a way for adults to finish their education and students to learn the material at their own pace—it is far more suitable for people with busy schedules.
本句的主干是They are advertised as a way. 后面的两个不定式结构做方式状语，由and连接。
2. Live sessions are infrequent and are often scheduled during the middle of the day when students have to attend other classes or work.
这句话的主干是 Live sessions are infrequent and are often scheduled during the middle of the day。而when引导了一个限制性定语从句修饰 the middle of the day。
3. We need restructure online classes in which students can have a learning experience that will actually provide quality education.
这句话的主干是We need restructure online classes。这个复杂句中有两个定语从句，online class后接由in which引导的限制性定语从句，in which充当从句中的状语成分，从句中experience后也跟了一个由that引导的限制性定语从句，that充当从句中的主语。
4. Not all students have access to these types of resources, whether it is for financial or other reasons, and some students can be put at a disadvantage.
这句的主干是Not all students have access to these types of resources and some students can be put at a disadvantage. 其中and作为连接词，并列了两个句子，whether... or...引导了条件状语从句，表示条件选择。


语法点：
1. 限制性定语从句
在Offering online classes certainly helps students who，先行词是students，在从句缺少主语，所以要用关系代词who。

重点语言点：
at one’s own pace 按自己的节奏
came to realize 意识到
fulfil course requirements 完成课程要求
first of all 首先
complete assignments完成作业
received credit 获得学分
in depth 深入地
interact with 与….相互作用
be designed to 为…而设计
not…but 不是…而是
face-to-face 面对面
build a relationship with 与某人建立联系
have access to 可以使用
critical thinking 批判性思维