Rescue an Owl Chick
援救一只小猫头鹰

I work with Volunteers for Wildlife, a rescue and education organization at Bailey Arboretum in Locust Valley. Trying to help injured, displaced or sick creatures can be heartbreaking; survival is never certain. However, when it works, it is simply beautiful. 

我和野生动物志愿者一起工作，这是一个位于蝗虫谷贝利植物园的救援和教育组织。试图帮助受伤、流离失所或生病的生物可能会令人心碎;生死未卜。然而，当它起作用时，它就是美丽的。

I got a rescue call from a woman in Mutton town. She had found a young owl (猫头鹰) on the ground. When I arrived, I saw a 2-to 3-week-old owl. It had already been placed in a carrier for safety. 

我接到了一个来自蒙顿镇的女人打来的救援电话。她在地上发现了一只小猫头鹰。当我到达时，我看到了一只两到三周大的猫头鹰。为了安全起见，它已经被放在了一个载体里。

I examined the chick (雏鸟) and it seemed fine. If I could locate the nest, I might have been able to put it back, but no luck. My next work was to construct a nest and anchor it in a tree. 

我检查了这只雏鸟，它看起来很好。如果我能找到鸟巢，我也许能把它放回去，但没那么好运。我接下来得建造一个巢，并把它固定在一棵树上。

The homeowner was very helpful. A wire basket was found. I put some pine branches into the basket to make this nest safe and comfortable. I placed the chick in the nest, and it quickly calmed down. 

房主非常乐于助人。她找到一个铁丝篮子。我在篮子里放了一些松枝，使这个窝既安全又舒适。我把雏鸟放在窝里，它很快就安静下来了。

Now all that was needed were the parents, but they were absent. I gave the homeowner a recording of the hunger screams of owl chicks. These advertise the presence of chicks to adults; they might also encourage our chick to start calling as well. I gave the owner as much information as possible and headed home to see what news the night might bring. 

现在就差猫头鹰父母了，但他们不在。我给了房主一段猫头鹰雏鸟饥饿尖叫的录音。这些声音向成年鸟表明雏鸟的存在;它们可能也会鼓励雏鸟开始鸣叫。我尽可能多地向店主提供信息，然后回家看看晚上会有什么消息。

A nervous night to be sure, but sometimes the spirits of nature smile on us all!The homeowner called to say that the parents had responded to the recordings. I drove over and saw the chick in the nest looking healthy and active. And it was accompanied in the nest by the greatest sight of all — LUNCH!The parents had done their duty and would probably continue to do so. 

一个紧张的夜晚是肯定的，但有时大自然的灵魂会对我们所有人微笑!房主打电话说，猫头鹰父母已经对录音做出了回应。我开车过去，看到窝里的雏鸟看起来既健康又活跃。在巢里，伴随着它的是最壮观的景象——午餐!猫头鹰父母已经尽了他们的哺育责任，而且很可能会继续这样做下去。

主旨大意：本文叙述了作者作为一名救助野生动物的志愿者，挽救一个猫头鹰雏鸟的故事．



长难句：
1. Now all that was needed were the parents, but they were absent.
此句为两句并列句。第一句中，all were parents为主句；that引导了定语从句that was needed，且that在从句中作主语。
2. I gave the owner as much information as possible and headed home to see what news the night might bring.
主句为I gave the owner ... and headed home ...其中to see...为不定式作目的状语。to see后面有由what news引导的宾语从句，what news在从句中作宾语。

3. The homeowner called to say that the parents had responded to the recordings.

主句为the homeowner called to say...其中to say...为不定式短语作目的状语。say后面为由that引导的宾语从句。



语法点：
1. 同位语
在Volunteers for Wildlife, a rescue and education organization at Bailey Arboretum in Locust Valley.中，逗号后的a rescue and education organization是Volunteers for Wildlife的同位语，用来解释说明这个机构名称。
2. 非谓语动词：动名词
Trying to help injured, displaced or sick creatures can be heartbreaking中，动名词短语trying to help...作句子主语。动名词与名词作用一致，充当名词用。

3. 限制性定语从句：

文中all that was needed是由that为关系代词引导的定语从句，修饰先行词all。that在从句中作主语，所以不能省略。在定语从句中，先行词为all/everything/nothing等不定代词时，关系代词只能用that，不能用which。
4. 宾语从句：
文中see what news the night might bring.是由what news引导的宾语从句。宾语从句在句中充当宾语成分。

5. 非谓语动词：不定式作后置定语

文中a nervous night to be sure中，to be sure为不定式作后置定语，可以替换为"for sure"。



重点语言点：
work with 与某人一起工作

rescue call 救援电话

calm down 安静下来

encourage sb. to do sth. 鼓励某人做某事
start doing sth. 开始做某事
as much... as possible 尽可能多的某物

respond to 回答
see sb. doing sth. 看见某人正在做某事
continue to do sth. 继续做某事