Myrtle Aunt
默特尔姨妈

The teacher who did the most to encourage me was, as it happens, my aunt. She was Myrtle C.  Manigault, the wife of my mother's brother Bill. She taught me in second grade at all-black Summer School in Camden, New Jersey. 

给我最大鼓励的老师，碰巧是我的姨妈。她是默特尔·C·马尼戈特，我母亲的哥哥比尔的妻子。她在新泽西州卡姆登的全黑人暑期学校教我二年级。

During my childhood and youth, Aunt Myrtle encouraged me to develop every aspect of my potential, without regard for what was considered practical or possible for black females. I liked to sing; she listened to my voice and pronounced it well. I couldn't dance; she taught me the basic dancing steps. She took me to the theatre—not just children's theatre, but adult comedies and dramas—and her faith that I could appreciate adult plays was not disappointing. 

在我的童年和青年时期，默特尔姨妈鼓励我开发自己的各个方面的潜力，而不考虑黑人女性的实际或可能。我喜欢唱歌;她听了我的声音，发音很好。我不会跳舞;她教我基本的舞步。她带我去剧院——不仅是儿童剧院，还有成人喜剧和戏剧——她相信我能欣赏成人戏剧，这并没有让我失望。

My aunt also took down books from her extensive library and shared them with me. I had books at home, but they were all serious classics. Even as a child, I had a strong liking for humor, and I'll never forget the joy of discovering Don Marquis's Archy & Mehitabel through her. 

姨妈还从她藏书丰富的图书馆里取了一些书给我看。我家里有书，但都是严肃的经典作品。甚至在我还是个孩子的时候，我就非常喜欢幽默，我永远不会忘记通过她发现唐·马奎斯的《阿奇和梅塔贝尔》时的快乐。

Most important, perhaps, Aunt Myrtle provided my first opportunity to write for publication. A writer herself for one of the black newspapers, she suggested my name to the editor as a "youth columnist". My column, begun when I was fourteen, was supposed to cover teenage social activities—and it did—but it also gave me the freedom to write on many other subjects as well as the habit of gathering material, the discipline of meeting deadlines, and, after graduation from college six years later, a solid collection of published material that carried my name and was my passport to a series of writing jobs. 

也许最重要的是，默特尔姨妈给了我第一次发表文章的机会。她本人是一家黑人报纸的撰稿人，她向编辑推荐我为“青年专栏作家”。我的专栏从14岁就开始了，本来是要报道青少年的社会活动的——它也确实做到了——但它也给了我自由，让我可以写很多其他主题的文章，也让我养成了收集材料的习惯，养成了按时完成任务的纪律，六年后大学毕业后，我出版了大量的文章，这些文章都有我的名字，是我从事一系列写作工作的通行证。

Today Aunt Myrtle is still an enthusiastic supporter of her "favorite niece". Like a diamond, she has reflected a bright, multifaceted （多面的） image of possibilities to every pupil who has crossed her path. 

今天，默特尔姨妈仍然是她“最喜欢的侄女”的热心支持者。她就像一颗钻石，给每一个遇到她的学生折射出一种光明的、多方面的可能性。