Make Your Trip More Environmentally Friendly
让你的旅行更环保

If your family loves to travel but you worry about the environmental, social and economic effect, it's time to take a more sustainable approach to your trips. 
如果你的家人喜欢旅行，但你担心环境、社会和经济影响，那么是时候采取更可持续的方式来安排你的旅行了。

Wales
威尔士

Wales packs many sustainable activities for kids. Camp in one of many green campsites around Pembrokeshire, where children can have fun learning about sustainable living. Or find an environmentally friendly campsite at The Greener Camping Club. Don't forget to factor in a spin on the world's only people-powered roller coaster in Snowdonia. 
威尔士为孩子们提供了许多可持续发展的活动。在彭布罗克郡附近的一个绿色营地露营，孩子们可以在那里开心地学习可持续生活。或者在绿色露营俱乐部找一个环境友好的营地。别忘了在斯诺登尼亚坐上世界上唯一的载人过山车。

Volcán Tenorio Area
Volcán Tenorio地区

When you think about taking your kids to Costa Rica, you normally focus on viewing its incredible wildlife. But what about giving back to the human residents too?One way to support local communities and understand the Tico culture is by staying on a farm, and there are loads of lovely options around Volcán Tenorio. 
当你考虑带孩子去哥斯达黎加时，你通常会关注那里令人难以置信的野生动物。但是如何回归到人类居民呢?支持当地社区和了解蒂科文化的一种方法是呆在农场里，Volcán Tenorio周围有很多令人心动的选择。

Austria
奥地利

Explore the kid-friendly Austrian capital of Vienna, which offers more organic farmland than any other city and has both “Green Taxis” and plenty of bike-share stations. The city has some fantastic museums for children and the splendid Schloss Schonbrunn where kids can dress up. 
探索适合孩子的奥地利首都维也纳，这里有比其他任何城市都多的有机农田，还有“绿色出租车”和大量的自行车共享站。这座城市有一些很棒的儿童博物馆，还有宏伟壮丽的美泉宫，孩子们可以在那里装扮自己。

San Francisco
旧金山

San Francisco is perfect for a break that will both delight the kids and satisfy your sustainability principles. The city has banned plastic bags and bottles for years. Plus, most of the fun things to do with kids can be accessed without using a car and many involve green spaces. 
旧金山是一个完美的休息地点，既能让孩子们开心，又能满足你的可持续发展原则。该市多年来一直禁止塑料袋和塑料瓶。此外，大多数和孩子们一起做的有趣的事情都不需要开车，而且很多都涉及到绿色空间。

Head to the Exploratorium: an incredible hands-on science museum in a solar-powered building. 
前往探索博物馆:一座位于太阳能建筑内令人难以置信的亲身体验式科学博物馆。

主旨大意：本文介绍了几个绿色旅行目的地。



长难句：
1. Camp in one of many green campsites around Pembrokeshire, where children can have fun learning about sustainable living.
句子主干为祈使句Camp in one of...，后面where引导了非限定性定语从句，修饰先行词Pembrokeshire。
2. Explore the kid-friendly Austrian capital of Vienna, which offers more organic farmland than any other city and has both “Green Taxis” and plenty of bike-share stations.
本句话的主干为祈使句Explore the kid-friendly Austrian capital of Vienna，后面which引导了非限定性定语从句，修饰Vienna，从句的第一个and连接offers和has，第二个动词连接has后的宾语。


语法点：
1. 限定性定于从句：区别于之前的where
在Schloss Schonbrunn where kids can dress up中，where引导了限定性定于从句，修饰先行词Schloss Schonbrunn，特指特定的地点，从句中结构完整，因此where在从句中充当地点状语成分。
2. 现在完成时：have/has done
在The city has banned plastic bags and bottles for years.中，有时间状语for years，强调多年来已经完成的事情，并且对现在有一定的影响，所以用完成时has banned。
3. 非限定性定语从句：where
文中where引导了非限定性定语从句，先行词为Pembrokeshire，是地点，因此关系副词选择where，并且去掉非限定性定语从句后，不会影响整句话的意思。


重点语言点：
take an approach to sth. 采取方式来做某事
pack activities 提供了活动
have fun doing sth. 做某事有趣
focus on 关注
give back to 归还，回馈
dress up 打扮，装饰；穿上盛装
be perfect for sth. 非常适合做某事