Legendary Figure Stan Lee
传奇人物斯坦李

LOS ANGELES, Nov.  12 (Xinhua)—Legendary comic book writer Stan Lee has died at the age of 95, according to media reports on Monday. 

洛杉矶，11月12日(新华社)——据媒体周一报道，传奇漫画作家斯坦·李去世，享年95岁。

Lee, born in Stanley Lieber on Dec.  28, 1922, began his career in 1939 and joined Marvel Comics in 1961. 

李，1922年12月28日出生于斯坦利利伯，1939年开始他的职业生涯，1961年加入漫威漫画。

He is considered as one of the most legendary names in the history of comic books and the leading creative force behind the rise of Marvel Comics. He co-created iconic fictional characters such as Spider-Man, X-Men, the Avengers, and many more. 

他被认为是漫画书历史上最具传奇色彩的名字之一，也是漫威漫画崛起背后的主要创意力量。他参与创作了蜘蛛侠、x战警、复仇者联盟等标志性虚构人物。

Lee's characters often have superpowers, but they also have weaknesses. They were humans, not gods. They not only struggled to save the world, but also to pay their bills, make friends, and hold jobs. This made Marvel comic book heroes stand apart from its competitor DC, which produced seemingly perfect heroes like Superman and Wonder Woman. Those superheroes have been adapted into blockbuster films, most of which were made after Disney acquired Marvel in a 4-billion-dollar deal in 2009. 

李安的角色通常都有超能力，但他们也有弱点。他们是人，不是神。他们不仅要努力拯救世界，还要支付账单、交朋友和保住工作。这使得漫威漫画书中的英雄与它的竞争对手DC区别开来，后者创作了超人和神奇女侠等看似完美的英雄。这些超级英雄被改编成大片，其中大部分是在2009年迪士尼斥资40亿美元收购漫威之后制作的。

In a statement, Bob Iger, chairman and CEO of the Walt Disney Company said Stan Lee was as extraordinary as the characters he created. 

华特迪士尼公司董事长兼首席执行官鲍勃·伊格尔在一份声明中说，斯坦·李和他创造的人物一样杰出。

Marvel also praised Lee on its website by putting on one of Lee's famous quotes, which goes, "I used to be embarrassed because I was just a comic-book writer while other people were building bridges or going on to medical careers.  And then I began to realize: entertainment is one of the most important things in people's lives.  Without it, they might go off the deep end.  I feel that if you're able to entertain, you're doing a good thing. "

漫威还在其网站上赞扬了李，并引用了李的一句名言:“我曾经感到很尴尬，因为我只是一个漫画作家，而其他人都在建造桥梁或从事医疗事业。”然后我开始意识到:娱乐是人们生活中最重要的事情之一。没有它，他们可能会做得太过火。我觉得如果你能够娱乐，你就是在做一件好事。”

Praise from his Hollywood peers and colleagues was generous. President of Marvel Studios Kevin Feige appreciated Lee's unparalleled impact on the industry. No one has had more of an impact on my career than Stan Lee, Feige said. Our thoughts are with his family and the millions of fans who have been forever touched by Stan's genius, charisma, and heart. 

他的好莱坞同行和同事对他大加赞赏。漫威影业总裁凯文·费奇(Kevin Feige)赞赏李安对整个行业无与伦比的影响。“没有人比斯坦·李对我的职业生涯影响更大，”费奇说。“我们与他的家人和数百万被斯坦的天才、魅力和内心永远感动的粉丝们同在。”