The Growth of Children Needs Companion
孩子的成长需要陪伴

A new study published in the Journal of Marriage and Family claims that all that time you spend parenting just doesn't matter. But it's a claim that, despite the enthusiastic and widespread coverage by the media, does not hold water. 

发表在《婚姻与家庭杂志》上的一项新研究称，你花在养育孩子上的所有时间都无关紧要。尽管媒体对此进行了热情而广泛的报道，但这种说法却站不住脚。

The research suggests that children's outcomes（including behavior problems, emotional problems, and academic performance）are barely connected with the time that parents spend with their children. The researchers examined the time diaries of 1, 600 children, looking at parenting time and outcomes when the kids were aged 3 to 11 in 1997, and again in 2002 when they were between 8 and 16. A time diary is a detailed report showing you where your time is spent each day. 

研究表明，孩子的结果(包括行为问题、情绪问题和学习成绩)与父母与孩子相处的时间几乎没有关系。研究人员检查了1600个孩子的时间日记，观察了1997年孩子3岁到11岁时父母的时间和结果，以及2002年孩子8岁到16岁时的情况。时间日记是一份详细的报告，告诉你每天你的时间都花在了哪里。

This research largely reflects the failure of the authors to correctly measure parental input（投入）. It just looked at time diaries from two particular days ─one a weekday and the other a weekend day. 

这项研究在很大程度上反映了作者未能正确衡量父母的投入。它只查看了两个特定日子的时间日志──一个是工作日，另一个是周末。

Trying to get a sense of the time you spend parenting from a single day's diary is a bit like trying to measure your income from a single day. If yesterday was payday, you would look rich, but if it's not, you would be reported as poor. You get a clearer picture only by looking at your income-or your parenting time-over a more meaningful period. 

试图从一天的日记中了解你花在养育孩子上的时间，有点像试图衡量你一天的收入。如果昨天是发薪日，你看起来很有钱，但如果不是，你就会被报告为穷人。只有在一段更有意义的时期内观察你的收入或养育子女的时间，你才能更清楚地了解情况。

What you did yesterday should not be taken as a representative of what you did last year. This is why most high-quality studies of parenting time focus on how often parents read to their children, play with them or help them with different approaches to parenting. 

你昨天的所作所为不能代表你去年的所作所为。这就是为什么大多数关于育儿时间的高质量研究都集中在父母给孩子读书的频率，和他们一起玩的频率，或者用不同的育儿方法帮助他们的频率。

As an exhausted parent who doesn't get enough time to work out, and who hasn't seen a movie for months, I understand why so many of us might seize on studies suggesting that we should take more time for ourselves. Perhaps we should. But I agree with Ariel Kalil, a developmental psychologist, on the suggestion that "when parents spend high-quality time with their children, their children are more likely to succeed". 

作为一个没有足够时间锻炼身体、几个月没看电影的疲惫不堪的父母，我理解为什么我们中的许多人会抓住研究的建议，认为我们应该花更多的时间给自己。也许我们应该这么做。但我同意发展心理学家阿里尔•卡利尔(Ariel Kalil)的观点，即“当父母花高质量的时间与孩子在一起时，他们的孩子更有可能成功”。