Wu Mingzhu — Mother of Watermelons
西瓜之母“ — 吴明珠

China is one of the largest producers and consumers of watermelon in the world. And Wu Mingzhu, a schoolmate of Yuan Longping at Southwest Agricultural College in Chongqing in the late 1940s, is the unsung hero who has helped make this possible. 

中国是世界上最大的西瓜生产国和消费国之一。吴明珠，上世纪40年代末袁隆平在重庆西南农学院的同学，是帮助实现这一目标的无名英雄。

“It's no exaggeration(夸张)to say that about 80 percent of more than 20, 000 of China's new seed types of watermelons and sweet melons at people's dining tables everyday are the result of great efforts made by Wu and her team over more than 60 years, ”said a colleague of Wu's. 

“可以毫不夸张地说，中国每天出现在人们餐桌上的2万多种新型西瓜和甜瓜中，有80%是吴明珠和她的团队60多年努力的结果，”吴明珠的一位同事说。

In 1955, Wu voluntarily went to work in Shanshan County, Turpan based in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region where working conditions were hard. In 1958, Wu began to promote the modern technology of cultivating(种植) melons among farmers. However, the local farmers who were used to folk cultivation methods, didn't seem to take kindly to that. With the help of a famous local melon expert, Wu opened up three acres of wasteland to plant melons according to scientific knowledge. When autumn arrived, local farmers found the melons Wu planted in a scientific way were particularly delicious. From then on, the farmers began to adopt Wu's scientific growing methods. 

1955年，吴明珠自愿到中国西北部新疆维吾尔自治区吐鲁番盆地鄯善县工作，那里的工作条件艰苦。1958年，吴明珠开始在农民中推广现代栽培技术。然而，习惯了民间耕作方式的当地农民似乎并不买账。在当地一位著名的瓜类专家的帮助下，吴明珠根据科学知识开辟了三英亩荒地来种瓜。秋天来了，当地农民发现吴明珠用科学方法种的瓜特别好吃。从那时起，农民们开始采用吴明珠的科学种植方法。

Wu's efforts to grow quality melons began paying off in 1973 when she went to the off- season breeding(培育)base in Hainan. She wanted to develop Hainan as a pilot area so that the south area of China could also grow melons, and realize the dream of three-matured or even four- matured melons. After numerous difficulties, finally in the 80s, the melon variety selected by Wu succeeded. Wu said, “In Xinjiang, there are thousands of science and technology workers like me.  They have worked hard for decades on the front line of agriculture.  I'm just one of the ordinary ones. ”

1973年，吴女士去了海南的反季节培育基地，努力培育优质瓜类的努力终于有了回报。她想把海南开发成一个试点地区，让中国南方也能种瓜，实现三熟甚至四熟的瓜梦。历经千辛万苦，终于在80年代，吴某挑选的甜瓜品种成功了。吴明珠说:“在新疆，像我这样的科技工作者有成千上万。他们在农业第一线辛勤工作了几十年。我只是一个普通人。”

Now dealing with Alzheimer's disease, Wu is often unable to recognize her former colleagues or even her family members who live by her side. But having worked day and night to breed new seed types since the 1950s, she can still remember her melon work. 

现在吴明珠患有阿尔茨海默氏症，她常常认不出以前的同事，甚至是住在身边的家人。但自20世纪50年代以来，她夜以继日地培育新的种子类型，她仍然记得她的瓜工作。