Apps about Healthy Food and Dining out
关于健康食品和外出就餐的应用程序

Most people agree that eating healthy food is important. But sometimes making good food choices can be difficult. Now, there are apps that can help people learn about the food they eat to improve their health and their dining out experience. 

大多数人都认为吃健康的食物很重要。但是有时候选择好的食物是很困难的。现在，有些应用程序可以帮助人们了解他们所吃的食物，以改善他们的健康状况和外出就餐体验。

Open Table app

Open Table应用

Open Table app helps people choose restaurants when they want to go out to eat. It is a free service that shows users restaurant available based on where and when they want to dine. It gives users points when they make reservations, which can add up to discounts(折扣) on restaurant visits. 

Open Table应用程序可以帮助人们在外出就餐时选择餐厅。这是一项免费服务，根据用户想要用餐的时间和地点向用户显示可用的餐厅。当用户预订时，它会给他们积分，这些积分加起来可以在餐馆就餐时获得折扣(折扣)。

Max McCalman's Cheese & Wine Pairing app

Max McCalman的奶酪和葡萄酒配对应用程序

Wine and cheese can be a great combination. But which wines go best with which cheeses? Max McCalman's Cheese & Wine Pairing app can help. It provides information about hundreds of different cheeses and suggests wines to pair with each. Max McCalman's Cheese & Wine Pairing app is free.

葡萄酒和奶酪是很好的组合。但是哪种葡萄酒最配哪种奶酪呢?Max McCalman的奶酪和葡萄酒配对应用程序可以提供帮助。它提供了数百种不同奶酪的信息，并建议与每种奶酪搭配的葡萄酒。Max McCalman的奶酪和葡萄酒配对应用程序是免费的。

Happy Cow app

快乐奶牛app

Vegetarians do not eat animal meat. Vegans do not eat any animal products. The Happy Cow app is made for both groups. Users can search for vegetarian-vegan restaurants and stores around the world. 

素食者不吃动物肉。素食主义者不吃任何动物产品。“快乐奶牛”应用程序是为这两个群体设计的。用户可以搜索世界各地的素食餐厅和商店。

Local Eats app

Local Eats应用程序

Restaurant chains, like McDonalds, can be found almost anywhere a person might travel. But sometimes travelers want to eat like locals. The Local Eats app is designed for that. It can help you find local restaurants in major cities in the U.S and in other countries. It costs about a dollar.

像麦当劳这样的连锁餐厅几乎随处可见。但有时旅行者想要像当地人一样吃饭。Local Eats应用就是为此而设计的。它可以帮你在美国主要城市和其他的一些国家找到当地的餐馆。它的价格大约是一美元。

Where Chefs Eat app

Where Chefs Eat应用

“Where Chefs Eat” is a 975-page book. Most people would not want to carry that around. But there is a much lighter app version of the same name for just $15. Six hundred chefs provide information on 3,000 restaurants around the world on the Where Chefs Eat app.

《厨师吃饭的地方》是一本975页的书。大多数人都不想带着它。但有一个更轻松的同名应用程序版本，只需15美元。600名厨师在Where chefs Eat应用程序上提供全球3000家餐厅的信息。