The Boomerang Generation
回巢族

In recent years, the number of young adults returning to their parents’ homes after leaving has risen. This is the Boomerang Generation, becoming independent only to return to their parents’ homes like boomerangs. A boomerang is a curved(呈弯曲状的) stick that, when thrown in a particular way, comes back to the person who threw it. 

近年来，离开父母后又返回父母家的年轻人数量有所增加。这就是“回巢族”，他们独立后像回旋镖一样回到父母家。回旋镖是一种弯曲的棍子，当以特定的方式投掷时，它会回到投掷它的人身上。

One of our family members had a college roommate who dropped out and went back to her parents because she was unable to wash her clothes. This is quite a funny example, but stories like these are plentiful. The dropout and many other young adults are often short of basic life skills, so they move out of the family home for a time and then boomerang right back. 

我们的一个家庭成员有一个大学室友，她辍学了，回到了她的父母身边，因为她不会洗衣服。这是一个非常有趣的例子，但类似的故事很多。辍学生和许多其他年轻人往往缺乏基本的生活技能，所以他们搬出家一段时间，然后又回来了。

We believe having more real-life learning in high school may solve young adults’ inability to become independent. This can be achieved through simply including extra Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills requirements for life skills. The TEKS would include learning about taxes(税), banking, health, voting(选举), job interviews, cooking, and many other important skills. 

我们相信，在高中学习更多现实生活中的知识，可能会解决年轻人无法独立的问题。这可以通过学习德州基本知识和必备的生活技能来实现。TEKS将包括学习税务、银行、健康、投票、工作面试、烹饪和许多其他重要技能。

These areas of study happen to go with required courses. For learning how to do taxes, we would want to include a TEKS in math classes. In an economics class, we would require students to learn about banking and housing. In history class, students would have to learn about the importance of voting. In English class, students could learn about jobs. Cooking would be added to health class. 

这些领域的学习恰好与必修课程相吻合。为了学习如何计算税收，我们希望在数学课上包括TEKS。在经济学课上，我们会要求学生学习银行业和住房业相关知识。在历史课上，学生们必须了解投票的重要性。在英语课上，学生可以了解工作。烹饪将被加入健康课。

If in high school we can teach these skills, graduates going to college or trade school won't need to worry about their living skills and can focus on their education. More students can finish their studies and get degrees. And once out of college or trade school, young people can focus on their jobs and responsibilities as adults. Thus jobs will be done better, people will better understand their role in society and be better rounded as both students and individuals. 

如果我们在高中就能教授这些技能，上大学或职业学校的毕业生就不需要担心他们的生活技能，而可以专注于他们的教育。更多的学生可以完成学业并获得学位。一旦从大学或职业学校毕业，年轻人就可以像成年人一样专注于他们的工作和责任。这样，工作就会做得更好，人们就会更好地了解自己在社会中的角色，作为学生和个人也会得到更好的发展。



主旨大意：越来越多的年轻人没有独立生活的能力，导致他们在独立后又回到父母身边。但如果在高中的课程中增加实用技能课程可以减少这一现象。



长难句：
1.A boomerang is a curved stick that, when thrown in a particular way, comes back to the person who threw it.
在这句话中，主句是A boomerang is a curved stick。其中that引导了一个限制性的定语从句，解释说明curved stick，而when 引导了一个时间状语从句。

2.If in high school we can teach these skills, graduates going to college or trade school won't need to worry about their living skills and can focus on their education.
在这句话中，if引导了一个条件状语从句，主句是graduates won't need to worry about their living skills and can focus on their education.在句中，going to college or trade school做后置定语修饰graduates。



重点语言点：
the number of …的数量

drop out 辍学
be short of 缺少

go with 相符合

focus on 专注于
