Time Travel
时光旅行

What if we had the power to control time, instead of moving from the past to the present to the future?What if we could jump, loop, and travel through time in a machine?What if we could go wherever and whenever we pleased?

如果我们有能力控制时间，而不是从过去到现在再到未来呢?如果我们能在机器里跳跃、循环和穿越时间会怎么样?如果我们可以随时随地去我们想去的地方呢?

This ability would allow us to witness historic wonders, change decisions and see people from the past. We could right wrongs and stop wars from starting. 

这种能力可以让我们见证历史奇迹，改变决定，看到过去的人。我们可以纠正错误，阻止战争的爆发。

The mysterious puzzle of time has kept people debating its nature for hundreds of years. Science fiction writers have turned it into imaginative stories. Some scientists have even attempted to explain it using math. This math tries to make the dream of time travel come true. 

数百年来，人们一直在争论神秘的时间之谜。科幻作家把它变成了富有想象力的故事。一些科学家甚至试图用数学来解释它。这个数学试图让时间旅行的梦想成真。

The scientist Albert Einstein said that time and space are one thing. He called it "space-time. " Einstein said that there are three dimensions in space: height, width, and depth. A scientist named Hermann Minkowski added time as a fourth dimension. 

科学家阿尔伯特·爱因斯坦说时间和空间是一回事。他称之为“时空”。爱因斯坦说空间有三个维度:高、宽、深。一位名叫赫尔曼·闵可夫斯基的科学家将时间作为第四维。

Einstein introduced two ideas that have led to theories about the possibility of time travel. The first is relativity. The idea of relativity is that the force of gravity causes space to bend, which causes time to twist. The second idea focuses on special relativity. The idea is that a traveler moving super-fast through flat space-time will enter the future. Einstein considered time "relative" because it is measured based on where we are on Earth or in space. 

爱因斯坦提出的两个想法导致了时间旅行可能性的理论。首先是相对论。相对论的观点是，引力导致空间弯曲，从而导致时间扭曲。第二种观点关注狭义相对论。这个想法是，一个在平坦时空中以超快速度移动的旅行者将进入未来。爱因斯坦认为时间是“相对的”，因为它是根据我们在地球或太空中的位置来测量的。

Stephen Hawking is a famous scientist. He believes that a time machine will never be built. If it were possible, he thinks we would already know. If a time machine could be built, how come no one from the future has invaded us?

斯蒂芬·霍金是一位著名的科学家。他认为时间机器永远也造不出来。如果可能的话，他认为我们早就知道了。如果时间机器可以造出来，为什么没有人从未来入侵我们?

The first science fiction story with this theme is The Clock That Went Backward by Edward P. Mitchell, which was published in 1881. Since then, thousands of books, films, and television shows have explored the idea of time travel, in which some tools such as phones, watches, photographs, and old books take travelers backward and forward. 

第一个以这一主题为主题的科幻小说是爱德华?这本书出版于1881年。从那时起，成千上万的书籍、电影和电视节目探索了时间旅行的概念，其中一些工具，如电话、手表、照片和旧书，将旅行者带回到过去或向前。

Will time travel ever happen?Who knows?Most important is to keep your eyes open and have a sense of wonder. 

时间旅行会发生吗?谁知道呢?最重要的是睁大你的眼睛，保持一种惊奇的感觉。