Will Robot Animals Replace Real Animals?
机器动物会取代真正的动物吗？

This year, in March, I jumped into a heated pool in California to meet a dolphin named Delle. As I approached her, Delle turned towards me and became playful, greeting me by splashing me with her beak. Delighted, I reached out to pat her shiny skin. It felt rubbery, which was the main giveaway that Delle the dolphin was a robot. 

今年3月，我跳进加州一个恒温游泳池，去见一只名叫黛勒的海豚。当我走近黛勒时，她转向我，变得顽皮起来，用她的喙向我喷水致意。我很高兴，伸手拍拍她发亮的皮肤。它摸起来像橡胶，这是海豚黛勒是机器人的主要迹象。

Just as fake(假的)animals are becoming very realistic,it's becoming increasingly less acceptable to use live animals for entertainment purposes. Documentaries like Blackfish (2013)and The Cove (2009) have exposed some of the horrific treatment and suffering of ocean mammals. The resulting public protest has made aquariums(水族馆)controversial, attracting less visitors. 

随着假动物变得越来越逼真一样，将活体动物用于娱乐目的也越来越难以接受。《黑鱼》(2013)和《海湾》(2009)等纪录片揭露了一些海洋哺乳动物遭受的可怕待遇和痛苦。由此引发的公众抗议使水族馆备受争议，吸引的游客减少了。

Arguably，entertaining people with captive(圈养的)animals is vital for animal conservation. Many zoos and aquariums actively try to promote conservation efforts by providing educational experiences and encouraging interest in the natural world. This type of entertainment is useful, because it inspires people to care. 

可以说，用圈养的动物娱乐人们对动物保护至关重要。许多动物园和水族馆通过提供教育经验和激发人们对自然世界的兴趣来积极推动保护工作。这种类型的娱乐是有用的，因为它能激励人们去关心。

At first, this seems like a reason to avoid replacing the animals with technology. However, research in the rapid-developed field of human-robot interaction is showing astonishing results on engagement with robots that can imitate lifelike behaviour. When physically interactive,robots attract a lot of attention. People tend to treat them like they're alive, even though they know perfectly well they're just machines. 

起初，这似乎是避免用科技取代动物的一个理由。然而，在快速发展的人机交互领域的研究显示，与能够模仿逼真行为的机器人互动产生了惊人的结果。当肢体互动时，机器人会吸引很多注意力。人们倾向于把它们当活人看待，即使他们很清楚它们只是机器。

If we start to replace the animals in our theme parks with machines, will this trend decrease our wonder for the natural world?A bunch of people expressed negative gut reactions(本能反应)after I posted video of the robot dolphin on Twitter. And yet, I don't believe that using this robot animals will cause us to forget the worth of living creatures. 

如果我们开始用机器取代主题公园里的动物，这种趋势会减少我们对自然世界的惊叹吗?我在推特上发布了机器海豚的视频后，很多人都本能表达了不好的反应。然而，我不相信使用这种机器动物会让我们忘记生物的价值。

主旨大意：主要介绍了机器动物的运用以及社会对它的各种看法。



长难句：

1.Just as fake animals are becoming very realistic,it's becoming increasingly less acccptable to use live animals for entertainment purposes.

找到主句It‘s becoming ...to use .... to use ...不定式作为主语后置。it做形式主语。 just as ....作为条件状语从句和主句一样使用be动词加上延续性动词的ing形式表达一种持续性发生并会持续到将来的情况。

2.However, research in the rapid-developed field of human-robot interaction is showing astonishing resultson engagement with robots that can imitate lifelike behaviour.

找到主句Research is showing engagement with robots. 前面的in the rapid-developed field of human-robot interaction作为research的定语后置。that can ....作为定语从句修饰robots，that在从句中做主语。



重点语言点：
heated pool 恒温游泳池
turn towards 转向
splash sb with... 向某人泼冷水
entertain ... with ... 用......来娱乐......
conservation efforts保护工作
encourage interest激发兴趣
rapid-developed迅速发展的
human-robot interaction 人与机器人互动
gut reactions 本能反应
living creatures 生物