The Best Gift for My Father
给我爸爸最好的礼物

My father and I always had a bit of trouble in our relationship. It's nor that we didn't love each other. It's just that we used to have different opinions. My dad is one of the most hard-working men I know, but I was a dreamer. I played sports when I was a kid, but gave up when I was making progress. Then I showed an interest in music. My father got excited and bought me a guitar when I was about eight. But I really didn't like it until I was a teenager. During those teen years, I got up my guitar and began playing along. 

我父亲和我的关系总是有点问题。并不是说我们不爱对方。只是我们以前意见不一致。我父亲是我认识的最努力工作的人之一，但我是个梦想家。当我还是个孩子的时候我喜欢运动，但是当我取得进步的时候就放弃了。后来我对音乐产生了兴趣。我父亲很兴奋，在我八岁的时候给我买了一把吉他。但我真的不喜欢它，直到我成为了一个青少年。在那十几岁的时候，我拿起吉他，开始跟着演奏。

Then I went to college. My father thought I should pay more attention to my studies while I thought I should have more fun playing music. I had to accept treatments all my life, or get a transplant（移植）. I dreamed to be a musician. When I grew into a young man, I suddenly fell seriously ill one day and it was discovered that I had a terrible kidney disease（肾病）. 

后来我上了大学。我父亲认为我应该更多地关注我的学习，而我认为我应该有更多的乐趣玩音乐。我一生都需要接受治疗，或者接受器官移植。我梦想成为一名音乐家。当我长大成人后，有一天我突然生了一场重病，医生发现我得了一种可怕的肾病。

I felt like there was a heavy weight on my shoulders. Life became hard for me. But I was lucky enough because of my loving parents who encouraged me and took care of me. While trying to decide just what to do with my life, my father got tested to see whether he was the right man to give me his kidney. I tried to refuse, but he'd hear none of it. He saved my life at last. 

我觉得肩上的担子很重。生活对我来说变得很艰难。但我很幸运，因为我慈爱的父母鼓励我，照顾我。当我在考虑如何度过我的一生时，我父亲接受了检查，看他是否适合把他的肾给我。我试图拒绝，但他听不进去。他最后救了我的命。

Two years ago, I made up a band. He had always wanted to play in a band, but never got the chance when he was young. It was one of the greatest gifts I could give to him. 

两年前，我组建了一个乐队。他一直想在乐队里演奏，但年轻时一直没有机会。这是我能给他的最好的礼物之一。

主旨大意：讲述了“我”和父亲曾经由于看法不同而关系有点麻烦，但在“我”得了肾病之后，父亲无视“我”的拒绝而给“我”移植了肾脏，救了我一命。后来“我”让他在我的乐队里演奏，作为送给他的礼物。



长难句：
1. I played sports when I was a kid, but gave up when I was making progress.
句子主干为I played..., but gave up，两个when引导了时间状语从句。

2. While trying to decide just what to do with my life, my father got tested to see whether he was the right man to give me his kidney.

句子主句为my father got tested to see...，前面while引导了时间状语从句，see后接由whether引导的宾语从句。



语法点：
1. it作为形式主语：
句子it was discovered that I had a terrible kidney disease中，it作为形式主语，真正主语为that后的主语从句，避免头重脚轻。

2. 限制性定语从句：

句子my loving parents who encouraged me and took care of me.中，who引导了限制性定语从句，修饰先行词parents，先行词为人，因此用who，在从句中做主语。
3. 非谓语动词：从句中省略情况
从句While trying to decide just what to do with my life,中，由于从句主语和主句主语相同，因此可省略主语和谓语动词was，因为try和逻辑注意my father构成逻辑上的主动关系，因此用现在分词trying。

4. 限制性定语从句：

句子It was one of the greatest gifts I could give to him.中，gifts后接省略关系代词的限制性定语从句，修饰先行词gifts，因为先行词是事物，在从句中做宾语，因此用that/ which/省略。



重点语言点：
a bit of 一点点
used to do sth. 过去常常做某事
play sports 做运动
give up 放弃
make progress 取得进步
show an interest in... 对……感兴趣
buy sb. sth. 给某人买某物
begin doing sth. 开始做某事

go to college 上大学
pay attention to 关注
have fun (in) doing sth. 愉快地做某事
dream to do sth. 梦想做某事
fall ill 生病

feel like 感觉好像
be hard for sb. 对某人来说困难
take care of 照顾
try to do sth. 尝试做某事

make up 组建