The Art of Giving
送礼物的艺术

Many books have been written about "the art of giving". And we also know that it's hard to give people a gift, especially a personal one. If we want to make it better, we should understand who you will give the gift to and their likes and dislikes. 

很多书都是关于“送礼物的艺术”的。我们也知道送人礼物很难，尤其是私人礼物。如果我们想要送好礼物，我们应该了解你会把礼物送给谁以及他们喜欢什么讨厌什么。

As is often the case, some little kids think they don't get enough gifts while some old people think they get too many gifts. Different people like different kinds of gifts. Some presents are never too little. For example, when a little child just gives his or her mother a leaf from a tree, it is enough to make her very happy. 

通常情况下，一些小孩子认为他们没有得到足够的礼物，而一些老人认为他们得到的礼物太多了。不同的人喜欢不同的礼物。有些礼物永远不会太小。例如，当一个小孩给他或她的母亲一片树叶时，这足以使她非常高兴。

Gift giving is different in different countries. Here are some of their likes. In Japan, people sometimes give special gifts. But they are not opened. Later, the same gift may be given away to someone else, because many people have enough things and don't want too many gifts themselves. In Canada, a tree can help remember a person. In the US, some people ask their families and friends to give money to charity rather than buying them gifts. In Sweden, doing something for someone is the best gift. People don't need to spend too much money. Instead, making a meal for him or her is enough. 

送礼物在不同的国家是不同的。以下是他们的一些喜好。在日本，人们有时会送特别的礼物。但是他们没有打开。后来，同样的礼物可能会送给别人，因为很多人拥有足够的东西，自己不想要太多的礼物。在加拿大，一棵树可以帮助人们记住一个人。在美国，有些人要求他们的家人和朋友给慈善机构捐款，而不是给他们买礼物。在瑞典，为别人做点什么是最好的礼物。人们不需要花太多的钱。相反，为他或她做一顿饭就足够了。

To make things easier, some people would rather just give money. In some cultures, however, receiving money can make people uncomfortable. "When someone gives me money, it just makes me think they're being lazy," says John Wilson. "In England, we have a saying: It's the thought that counts. When someone gives me money, I feel they didn't think at all.  I prefer to receive a gift that has some thought behind it. "

为了让事情变得简单，有些人宁愿给钱。然而，在某些文化中，收钱会让人不舒服。“当有人给我钱时，我只会觉得他们很懒，”约翰·威尔逊说。“在英国，我们有句谚语:心意才是最重要的。 当有人给我钱的时候，我觉得他们根本没有考虑过。我更愿意收到一份有想法的礼物。”

Different people have very different thoughts on this subject!So maybe the art of giving is difficult!What do you think?

不同的人对这个问题有不同的看法!所以也许送礼物的艺术很难!你觉得呢?