Christmas Presents
圣诞节的礼物

When I was little, one of my favorite holiday traditions was making a wish list for Santa Claus. Every year, my father helped me list all that I wanted. Often, I put food on the list: chocolates, candies. One year, I even asked for my favorite soup! As I grew older, I no longer wrote to Santa Claus, but I never stopped making a list of the things that I most liked or wanted.

当我还小的时候，我最喜欢的节日传统之一就是给圣诞老人列一个愿望清单。每年，父亲都会帮我列出我想要的东西。通常，我把食物列在清单上:巧克力、糖果。有一年，我甚至要了我最喜欢的汤! 随着年龄的增长，我不再给圣诞老人写信，但我从未停止列出我最喜欢或最想要的东西。

One year, I went to China to work in a school.  In China, most people don't celebrate Christmas. Instead, they celebrate Chinese New Year. In my classes, I asked my students to make lists for Santa Claus. But they laughed at me.  "We get lucky money at Chinese New Year, "one girl told me. "That's better than a gift from Santa Claus!" I nodded. Maybe she was right!

有一年，我去中国的一所学校工作。在中国，大多数人不庆祝圣诞节。相反，他们庆祝中国新年。在我的课上，我让我的学生为圣诞老人列清单。但是他们嘲笑我。“我们在中国新年会得到压岁钱，”一个女孩告诉我。“这比圣诞老人送的礼物好多了!”我点了点头。也许她是对的!

On Christmas Eve, my friends and I went walking in the city. Though Christmas isn't a holiday in China, many people were out in the streets and having fun. They wore Santa hats, ate candies and said "Merry Christmas" to us in English. They knew we were foreigners.

平安夜，我和朋友们在城里散步。虽然圣诞节在中国不是节日，但很多人都走上街头，玩得很开心。他们戴着圣诞老人的帽子，吃着糖果，用英语对我们说“圣诞快乐”。他们知道我们是外国人。

After a few hours, my friends and I were hungry and a bit cold. "One Christmas when I was small, I wished for soup from Santa Claus," I told my friends. They laughed. 

几个小时后，我和朋友们又饿又冷。“小时候的一个圣诞节，我希望圣诞老人给我汤，”我告诉我的朋友们。他们笑着说。

We went into a restaurant and sat at a table.  Suddenly, my friends cried out. "Look, Beth, your wish is coming true!"

我们走进一家餐馆，坐在一张桌子旁。突然，我的朋友们叫了起来。“瞧，贝思，你的愿望就要实现了!”

I turned around. "Santa Claus" stood behind me.  Well, it was the waiter, but he was dressed in a red and white Santa Claus suit!

我转过身来。“圣诞老人”站在我身后。嗯，是服务员，但他穿着红白相间的圣诞老人服!

"Merry Christmas.  What can I get you？ "he asked.

“圣诞快乐。您要点什么?”他问道。

"Soup! "we said in chorus(齐声). 

“汤!”我们异口同声地说。