Persisting on Your Dream
坚持你的梦想

My parents always told me that I couldn't dance, because it was a girl's sport.But it was my dream to be a dancing star and I still practiced secretly, learning from books, movies, and shows.

我的父母总是告诉我，我不能跳舞，因为这是女孩的运动。但我的梦想是成为一名舞蹈明星，我仍然偷偷地练习，从书本、电影和表演中学习。

However, without my parents' support（支持）, that dream seemed all but impossible to reach.

然而，没有父母的支持，这个梦想似乎是不可能实现的。

One summer, my little sister Maggie was going to dance lessons.I asked my parents to allow me to take her to the lessons.What a good chance（机会）to learn dancing!

有一年夏天，我的小妹妹麦琪要去上舞蹈课。我请求我的父母允许我带她去上课。多好的学习跳舞的机会啊!

One afternoon, I was practicing a new dance in my room, when Maggie walked in.​

一天下午，我正在房间里练习一种新舞蹈，这时麦琪走了进来。

What's the matter, Maggie? I stopped dancing.​

怎么了，麦琪?我停止了跳舞。

There'll be a dancing performance in my school, but the boys think I'm slow, and none of them want to be my partner. Could you dance with me for it? She looked at me, worried.

我的学校将有一场舞蹈表演，但是男孩子们认为我动作慢，他们都不想做我的舞伴。你能和我跳支舞吗?她担心地看着我。

"You can be a good dancer! " I said to her. "Let's show those people that they have been wrong."​

“你可以成为一名优秀的舞者!”我对她说。“让我们向那些人证明，他们错了。”​

In the following months, we practiced every evening for the show.I was having a fantastic time and Maggie never improved a lot.

在接下来的几个月里，我们每天晚上都为演出练习。我玩得很开心，麦琪也没怎么进步。

At last, the big day came.I became nervous when I heard my parents would come to watch the performance.When the music began, I took a deep breath and tried to calm down.Then we enjoyed dancing to the music, like shining spirits.From the cheering of the crowd, I was sure we made it.​

终于，大日子来了。当我听说父母要来看演出时，我变得紧张起来。当音乐响起时，我深吸了一口气，试图让自己平静下来。然后我们随着音乐起舞，像闪闪发光的精灵。从人群的欢呼声中，我确信我们成功了。

I was so excited when I saw my father walking up to me.He put his hand on my shoulder.

当我看到父亲向我走来时，我非常兴奋。他把手放在我的肩膀上。

"Well done, son. I'm glad that you didn't give up your dream. Go for it and make us proud."

“干得好，儿子。我很高兴你没有放弃你的梦想。去争取吧，让我们为你骄傲。”

I'd been waiting for this moment for so long.I knew that the road ahead wouldn't be easy, but I would keep on going.I wanted nothing more in life than to dance.

我等这一刻等了太久了。我知道前面的路不会平坦，但我会继续前进。我在生活中最想要的就是跳舞。