Efforts Count in Our Life
努力在我们人生中很重要

It was an unforgettable night. The noisy Mexico City gradually calmed down . The main Olympic stadium was in darkness.

那是一个难忘的夜晚。喧闹的墨西哥城渐渐平静下来。奥林匹克主体育场一片漆黑。

After he finished making the scenes that the marathon（马拉松） winners celebrated the victory, Greenspan, a world famous documentary producer, found the stadium empty . He was leaving for the hotel when he suddenly saw a man running into the stadium. The man ran out of breath, but he didn't stop. After he got to the goal, he fell down on the ground.

世界著名纪录片制作人格林斯潘在拍摄完马拉松获胜者庆祝胜利的场景后，发现体育馆空无一人。他正要去旅馆，突然看见一个人跑进体育场。那人跑得上气不接下气，但他没有停下来。他到达球门后，倒在了地上。

Greenspan guessed this was a marathon athlete, so he went over to ask why the athlete ran to the goal with such a difficulty. The young man replied, "That my country sent me there is to make me complete the game, not let me start a race in the competition.  I have fallen behind all other runners, but I have a goal like them.  I will run to the goal because my motherland is watching me from behind. "

格林斯潘猜这是一个马拉松运动员，于是他走过去问为什么运动员跑到终点这么困难。年轻人回答说:“我的国家派我来是为了让我完成比赛，而不是让我在比赛中开始赛跑。我落后于所有其他跑步者，但我有一个和他们一样的目标。我会跑向目标，因为我的祖国在后面看着我。”

Moved by what he said, Greenspan spread the most touching scene in the history of the Olympic Games to every corner of the world.

格林斯潘深受感动，把奥运会历史上最感人的一幕传遍了世界各个角落。

Life should have a dream of reaching the peak（顶点）, yet the most important is not whether we can reach the peak but whether we have made the greatest efforts—to reach the goal in the mind is a success.

人生应该有一个登峰造极的梦想，但最重要的不是我们是否达到了顶峰，而是我们是否付出了最大的努力——达到了心中的目标就是成功。


主旨大意：讲述了奥运会历史上最感人的一幕，通过这个故事作者告诉我们人生应该有到达顶峰的目标，但最重要的不是到达目标，而是是否为目标付出了最大的努力。

长难句：
1. After he finished making the scenes that the marathon winners celebrated the victory, Greenspan, a world famous documentary producer, found the stadium empty.
句子主干为Greenspan found the stadium empty.前面after引导了时间状语从句，scenes后接由that引导的同位语从句，补充说明scenes，主干中a world famous documentary producer作为同位语，补充说明Greenspan。

2. Greenspan guessed this was a marathon athlete, so he went over to ask why the athlete ran to the goal with such a difficulty.

句子主干为Greenspan guessed..., so he went over to ask...，前半句guessed后接省略that的宾语从句，后半句ask后接由why引导的宾语从句。

3. Life should have a dream of reaching the peak, yet the most important is not whether we can reach the peak but whether we have made the greatest efforts—to reach the goal in the mind is a success.

主句为yet连接的两个分句，即Life should have a dream of reaching the peak, yet the most important is not...后半句is not后接由but连接的两个表语从句，第一个表语从句由whether引导，第二个表语从句中，whether引导了表语从句中的主语从句，即whether we have made the greatest efforts—to reach the goal in the mind。



语法点：
1. 形容词作宾语补足语：
文中found the stadium empty，里面的empty作为stadium的宾语补足语，对宾语stadium的状态进行补充说明，类似的表达有think, want, get, make, keep等。
2. 同位语：去掉不影响句子的完整性和主要意义
文中the scenes that the marathon winners celebrated the victory和a world famous documentary producer都是作为句子中的同位语成分，补充说明前面紧跟的名词，同位语一种是说明内容是一句完整的话，即同位语从句，另一种是说明内容是名词性词组。

3. 主语从句：

句子That my country sent me there is to make me complete the game, not let me start a race in the competition.中，整个句子的主干为主系表结构，my country sent me there这个从句在主语的位置上，因此为主语从句，从句结构完整，因此用that引导。

4. 非谓语动词：过去分词做状语

句子Moved by what he said, Greenspan spread the most touching scene...中，由于move和逻辑主语Greenspan构成被动关系，因此用过去分词moved，表原因。

重点语言点：
calm down 冷静
finish doing something. 完成做某事
find something./ somebody. +adj. 发现某人/某事……
leave for 离开去到
see somebody. doing something. 看见某人正在做某事
run out of breath 上下喘气
fall down 摔倒
fall behind 落后
spread... to... 把……传播给……
make the greatest efforts 尽最大努力