Chat Benches
聊天长椅

Detective Ashley Jones works at a police department in England. He has recently made a significant discovery —loneliness is a serious social problem that can contribute to depression and even crimes, but it can be prevented in a clever way. The solution?Chat benches. 

侦探艾什莉·琼斯在英国的一个警察局工作。他最近有了一个重大发现——孤独是一个严重的社会问题，它可能导致抑郁甚至犯罪，但它可以用一种聪明的方法来预防。解决方案?聊天长椅。

Jones got the idea after he had talked with an elderly lady who had been cheated of her money. The lady would get a call from a stranger every morning who eventually made her believe that he was her friend, and then she lent him about £31,000. Jones was shocked when she said that she didn’t actually mind being cheated. “Otherwise, I would never speak to another person for weeks on end,” she said. 

琼斯在与一位被骗了钱的老妇人交谈后产生了这个想法。这位女士每天早上都会接到一个陌生人的电话，这个陌生人最终让她相信他是她的朋友，然后她借给他大约3.1万英镑。当琼斯说她并不介意被骗时，她感到很震惊。“否则，我就不会连续几周和别人说话，”她说。

This led Jones to the conclusion that there are too many extremely lonely people in his community, who are easy targets of cheating. So he decided to do something about it. He convinced the police department to allow him to set up a couple of “chat benches” in two of their local parks. Then he hung a colorful sign on each of the benches that read :"HAPPY TO CHAT"Just a few days after the signs went up, he found people sitting there and engaging in active and joyful conversations. 

这让琼斯得出结论，在他的社区里有太多极度孤独的人，他们很容易成为欺骗的目标。所以他决定做点什么。他说服警察部门允许他在当地的两个公园里设置几个“聊天长椅”。然后，他在每张长凳上都挂了一块彩色的牌子，上面写着：“乐于交谈”。就在告示牌挂起来几天后，他发现人们坐在那里，积极愉快地交谈。

The idea is catching on quickly. There are now over 40 chat benches throughout England. More new chat benches have sprung up across the UK and beyond. All who participated have gained a positive outcome from getting involved. Jones’ idea has been fully realized -the “HAPPY TO CHAT” benches help break down the invisible social barrier that keeps people from saying hello. 

这个想法正在迅速流行起来。现在全英格兰有40多个聊天长椅。在英国和其他地方，更多的新型聊天椅如雨后春笋般涌现。所有参与者都从参与中获得了积极的结果。琼斯的想法已经完全实现了——“乐于聊天”的长椅有助于打破阻碍人们打招呼的无形的社会障碍。

This effort is not just an attempt at being community minded-it’s also a crime-cutting measure. It prevents people who are cut off from society falling victim to cheaters. 

这一努力不仅是一种社区意识的尝试，也是一种减少犯罪的措施。它可以防止那些与社会隔绝的人成为骗子的受害者。

The Chat Bench is a fantastic new project that encourages those of all ages to interact and get to know each other in the future. 

聊天长椅是一个很棒的新项目，它鼓励所有年龄段的人在未来进行互动并相互了解。

聊天长椅
主旨大意：文章主要讲了艾什莉·琼斯警探在英国的一个警察局工作。他最近有了一项重大发现——孤独是一个严重的社会问题，它会导致抑郁
甚至犯罪，但它可以用一种聪明的方法加以阻止。琼斯警探通过设置”聊天长椅”，帮助打破了人们打招呼的无形的社会障碍。”聊天长椅”是一个
很棒的新项目，它不仅仅是一种社区意识的尝试，也是一种减少犯罪的措施。
长难句：
1. He has recently made a significant discovery—loneliness is a serious social problem that can contribute to depression and even crimes, but it can be
prevented in a clever way。
在这句话中，主句是He has recently made a significant discovery，破折号引导的部分为discovery的补充说明，loneliness is a serious social problem
that can contribute to depression and even crimes, but it can be prevented in a clever way ，that引导限制性定语从句，修饰先行词social problem。
2. The lady would get a call from a stranger every morning who eventually made her believe that he was her friend, and then she lent him about £31,000 .
在这句中，主干是The lady would get a call from a stranger every morning and then she lent him about £31,000，其中and引导并列句，who引导定语从
句，修饰先行词a stranger，在定语从句中who eventually made her believe that he was her friend，that引导宾语从句。
3. This led Jones to the conclusion that there are too many extremely lonely people in his community, who are easy targets of cheating.
在这句话中，主句是This led Jones to the conclusion，其中 that 引导同位语从句，补充说明conclusion，who引导非限制性定语从句修饰先行词
lonely people 。
4. Jones' idea has been fully realized -the “HAPPY TO CHAT” benches help break down the invisible social barrier that keeps people from saying hello.
在这句话中，主干是Jones' idea has been fully realized，其中the “HAPPY TO CHAT” benches help break down the invisible social barrier that keeps
people from saying hello是同位语从句，that引导定语从句修饰social barrier。

语法点：
1. 限制性定语从句：that引导
在这句话loneliness is a serious social problem that can contribute to depression and even crimes中，that引导定语从句，修饰先行词social problem，其
在定语从句中作主语。
2. 现在完成时
在句子He has recently made a significant discovery中，出现现在完成时，其结构式have/has done，表示过去发生或已经完成的动作对现在造成的影
响或结果，或从过去已经开始，持续到现在的动作或状态。
3. 过去完成时
在句子Jones got the idea after he had talked with an elderly lady who had been cheated of her money，出现了过去完成时，其结构式had done，表示过
去某一时间或动作之前已经完成的动作，称为“过去的过去”
。
4. 含蓄虚拟：otherwise
在这句中Otherwise, I would never speak to another person for weeks on end，通过otherwise表达含蓄虚拟，含蓄虚拟是指在很多情况下，在表示假设
的虚拟语气中，有时假设的条件并不以条件从句的形式表达，而是通过上下文或句中内在的逻辑关系，或用其它形式表达出来。

5. 非谓语动词：doing作宾补
在句子he found people sitting there and engaging in active and joyful conversations.中，sitting, engaging为非谓语动词现在分词形式，在句中作find的
宾补。find sb. doing，表示发现某人一直在做某事。