【七选五】1. Chasing Tail
【七选五】1. 狗狗为什么追尾巴

Why dogs chase their tails?There are some answers to this question, which might surprise you.While tail chasing can be a harmless behavior, sometimes it can indicate a potential issue requiring a vet visit.Below are some common meanings behind your dog chasing its tail.

为什么狗追逐它们的尾巴?这个问题的答案可能会让你感到惊讶。虽然追逐尾巴可能是一种无害的行为，但有时它可能表明一个潜在的问题，需要去看兽医。下面是你的狗追尾巴背后的一些常见含义。

1.Your dog is expressing its emotion.It might look like a strange activity to humans, but tail-chasing is a simple way for dogs to let loose and have a little fun.If a dog doesn't have anything or anyone to play with, it might need to entertain itself.Just keep in mind that a constantly bored or stressed dog might be feeling left out’ so make sure its basic needs are being met, including exercise and socialization.

1.你的狗在表达它的情感。对人类来说，追尾巴可能是一种奇怪的活动，但对狗来说，追尾巴是一种简单的放松和娱乐的方式。如果一只狗没有任何东西或任何人可以玩，它可能需要娱乐自己。只要记住，一只经常感到无聊或压力大的狗可能会感到被冷落，所以要确保它的基本需求得到满足，包括锻炼和社交。

2.Your dog is feeling stressed.On the other hand, uncontrollable tail-chasing behavior could be a warning sign that your dog is anxious or stressed.Find out what's at the root of your dog's anxiety and then address that problem.By the way, this fruitless and frustrating behavior is what led to the saying " like a dog chasing its tail".

2.你的狗感到压力很大。另一方面，无法控制的追尾行为可能是你的狗焦虑或有压力的警告信号。找出你的狗焦虑的根源，然后解决这个问题。顺便说一下，这种徒劳而令人沮丧的行为导致了“像狗追尾巴”的说法。

3.Your dog wants your attention.Tail-chasing is actually a go-to behavior for young dogs who are playing and learning about their bodies.And it's hard not to smile when you see this happening, especially in puppies, because it's funny and adorable.But this type of response can cause your pup to keep doing it.Try not to encourage this behavior.Instead, provide a distraction by giving your dog a new toy or going on a walk.

3.你的狗需要你的关注。追逐尾巴实际上是年轻的狗狗在玩耍和学习自己身体时的一种行为。当你看到这种情况发生时，很难不微笑，尤其是在小狗身上，因为这很有趣，也很可爱。但是这种类型的反应会导致你的狗狗继续这样做。尽量不要鼓励这种行为。相反，给你的狗一个新玩具或散散步来分散注意力。

4.Your dog may have intestinal parasites.This is another common reason why dogs chase their tails.It's also a reason why dogs chew their tails, too.Infections are generally common in young dogs and can even be deadly in some puppies if left untreated.Common types of parasites include tapeworms, roundworms, hookworms and so on.

4.你的狗可能有肠道寄生虫。这是狗追逐尾巴的另一个常见原因。这也是狗咬尾巴的原因之一。感染在幼犬中很常见，如果不及时治疗，一些幼犬甚至可能致命。常见的寄生虫有绦虫、蛔虫、钩虫等。