训前准备原文

Scientists believe the Earth is 4.6 billion years old. However, the mountains, valleys, hills, rivers, deserts and forests we see today are much younger than that. For example, Mount Qomolangma is about 60 million years old and the Amazon rainforest is only 10 million years old. The youngest sea in the world is the Baltic Sea, at about 15000 years old.
The Earth is always changing because of volcanoes, earthquakes and of course, wind and rain. Some of these changes are very slow and others are quick. Water and ice can make very great changes to the planet. For example, glaciers rivers of ice can cut through mountains and make lakes and deep valleys. Many volcanoes are under the oceans and sometimes they become new islands. This is happening in the South Pacific, near Tonga.
It's normal for our planet to change, but at the moment, scientists think it's changing faster than usual. Some deserts are growing and many forests are getting smaller. The weather is getting wetter in some places and drier in others, and there are more big storms. According to the research, the sea level will continue to rise in the next hundred years. As a result, many cities will possibly be covered by water and much of the most productive farming areas will be lost. Some island countries are likely to disappear on the map of the world.
These changes will bring great harm to the planet. However, they can be beneficial to some people. For example, as the Arctic is getting warmer, some people in Greenland now own businesses and sell vegetables they grow on their land. That wasn't possible in the far north 50 years ago. Farmers in Greenland like the warm weather and hope it will continue.
科学家认为地球已有46亿年的历史。 然而，我们今天看到的山脉、山谷、丘陵、河流、沙漠和森林比那要年轻得多。例如，珠穆朗玛峰大约有6000万年的历史，而亚马逊雨林只有1000万年的历史。世界上最年轻的海是波罗的海，大约有15000年的历史。由于火山、地震，当然还有风雨，地球一直在变化。其中一些变化非常缓慢，而另一些变化很快。水和冰可以给地球带来很大的变化。例如，冰川、冰河可以穿过山脉，形成湖泊和深谷。许多火山都在海底，有时它们会变成新的岛屿。这种情况发生在南太平洋汤加附近。我们的星球发生变化是正常的，但目前，科学家们认为它的变化速度比平时快。一些沙漠正在扩大，许多森林正在缩小。一些地方的天气越来越潮湿，另一些地方的天气越来越干燥，大风暴也越来越多。根据研究，海平面将在未来一百年内继续上升。因此，许多城市可能会被水覆盖，许多最具生产力的农业区将会消失。一些岛国可能会从世界地图上消失。这些变化将给地球带来巨大的危害。然而，它们对某些人是有益的。例如，随着北极变暖，格陵兰岛的一些人现在拥有自己的企业，出售他们在自己的土地上种植的蔬菜。这在50年前这遥远北方是不可能的。格陵兰岛的农民喜欢温暖的天气，并希望它能持续下去。

第一段段落大意：
地球历史悠久。

语法点：

“we see today”是定语从句，修饰先行词“the mountains, valleys, hills, rivers, deserts and forests”。在从句中作宾语，关系代词 that 可以省略。

重要语言点：

Mount Qomolangma 珠穆朗玛峰
the Amazon rainforest 亚马逊雨林

第二段段落大意：
地球一直在变化。

重要语言点：

because of 由于
make very great changes to… 使……发生巨大变化
cut through 穿过
make lakes and deep valleys形成湖泊和深谷
South Pacific 南太平洋

第三段段落大意：
地球发生变化的坏处。

语法点：

“It's normal for our planet to change”这是一个“it”作形式主语的“主语+系动词+表语”的结构。“It”是形式主语，真正的主语是“for our planet to change”。

重要语言点：

according to the research 根据研究
the sea level 海平面
continue to rise 持续上升
as a result 因此
be covered by water 被水淹没
productive farming areas 多产的农业区
are likely to 可能

第四段段落大意：
地球发生变化的好处。

长难句：

For example, as the Arctic is getting warmer, some people in Greenland now own businesses and sell vegetables they grow on their land.

“as the Arctic is getting warmer”是表示伴随的状语；“some people in Greenland”是主语；“now”是时间状语；“own”和“sell”是并列谓语；“vegetables”是宾语；“they grow on their land”是定语从句，修饰“vegetables”。

重要语言点：

bring great harm to 给……带来巨大伤害
be beneficial to 对……有益
get warmer 变暖
own businesses 拥有生意
grow vegetables 种植蔬菜
in the far north 在遥远的北方

文章主旨：
文章大意：本文主要讲述了地球因为各种原因总是在变化，详细地介绍了这些变化的好处和坏处。