训前准备原文

Counting the hairs on your head would be very difficult. Many have tried, but most people give up after losing count or getting bored! However, scientists say people have more than 100,000 hairs on their heads on average. Of course, this number is different from person to person. Some people have much more hair than others.
What causes hair loss? There are many reasons, such as stress, illness and styling. It also runs in families. Besides, many people simply lose hair as they grow older. To avoid losing hair, you should wash your hair correctly and condition your hair to help keep your hair healthy. It's also important to be gentle when brushing or combing hair.
Hair loss is not the same as daily shedding. People lose an average of 50 to 100 hairs a day. It’s normal. If you are losing more hair than average, talk to the adults you trust. They can help you decide whether to ask a doctor for help.
Why do humans have hair on their heads? Most other mammals have thick fur covering their whole bodies. While humans grow small and fine hairs on much of their skin, it’s much thicker on the top of the head. Scientists say the answers come down to evolution. Humans probably evolved without fur because they have more sweat glands than other mammals. Humans walk upright on two legs. Therefore, the top of their heads needs protection from the sun. This is why people have more hair on their heads than on the rest of their bodies. The hair also helps keep heat in cold weather and keep a healthy body temperature.
数一数你头上的头发是非常困难的。很多人都尝试过，但大多数人在数不清或觉得无聊后就放弃了!然而，科学家表示，人类头上平均有超过10万根头发。当然，这个数字因人而异。有些人的头发比其他人多。什么原因导致脱发?原因有很多，比如压力、疾病和做造型。脱发也可能是家族遗传。此外，许多人只是随着年龄的增长而脱发。为了避免脱发，你应该正确地洗头和护理头发，以帮助保持头发健康。在梳头时温柔一些也很重要。脱发和每天掉头发是不一样的。人们平均每天会掉50到100根头发。这是正常的。如果你掉的头发比平均水平多，和你信任的成年人谈谈。他们可以帮助你决定是否向医生寻求帮助为什么人类的头上有毛发?大多数其他哺乳动物都有覆盖全身的厚毛。虽然人类的大部分皮肤上都长着细小的毛发，但头顶的毛发要厚得多。科学家们说，答案可以归结为进化。人类进化中可能没有皮毛，因为他们比其他哺乳动物有更多的汗腺。人类用两条腿直立行走。因此，他们的头顶需要防晒。这就是为什么人们头上的头发比身体其他部位的头发要多。头发还有助于在寒冷的天气里保暖，保持健康的体温。

第一段段落大意：
人们平均发量多。

语法点：

“Counting the hairs on your head”是动名词短语作主语；“would be”是谓语；“very difficult”是表语。

重要语言点：

give up 放弃
lose count 数的过程中忘记
get bored 感到无聊
more than 超过
on average 平均
different from person to person 因人而异

第二段段落大意：
脱发的原因。

长难句：

To avoid losing hair，you should wash your hair correctly and condition your hair to help keep your hair healthy.

“To avoid losing hair”是动词不定式短语作目的状语；“you should wash your hair correctly and condition your hair”是主句，“should”是情态动词，“wash your hair correctly”和“condition your hair”是并列的谓语部分；“to help keep your hair healthy”是动词不定式短语作目的状语。

语法点：

“as they grow older”在句中是作伴随状语，表示“随着他们年龄的增长”。
It's also important to be gentle when brushing or combing hair.这是一个“It + be + 形容词 + to do sth.”的结构。“It”是形式主语，真正的主语是“to be gentle when brushing or combing hair”。“when brushing or combing hair”是时间状语从句。

重要语言点：

run in families 家族遗传
grow older 变老
wash hair correctly 正确洗头
condition hair 护发

第三段段落大意：
脱发不同于掉头发。

语法点：

在“If you are losing more hair than average”中，“If”引导条件状语从句，“you are losing more hair than average”是从句部分；“the adults you trust”中，“you trust”是定语从句，修饰先行词“the adults”。
“They can help you”是主句，其中“They”是主语，“can help”是谓语，“you”是间接宾语；“whether to ask a doctor for help”是“decide”的宾语从句。

重要语言点：

hair loss 脱发
daily shedding 日常脱落
an average of 平均
talk to 与……交谈
ask a doctor for help 向医生寻求帮助

第四段段落大意：
为什么人们会有头发。

语法点：

“covering their whole bodies”是现在分词短语作后置定语，修饰“thick fur”。
“This is why … their bodies.”中 “This”是主语，“is”是系动词，“why people have … their bodies”是表语从句，在句中作表语。从句中使用的是陈述语气。

重要语言点：

thick fur 厚厚的皮毛
grow hairs 长出毛发
come down to 归结为
evolve without fur 进化过程中没有皮毛
sweat glands 汗腺
walk upright 直立行走
protection from the sun 防晒保护
keep heat 保持热量
keep a healthy body temperature 保持健康体温

文章主旨：
文章大意：本文主要分析了脱发的原因，应对的方法以及为什么人类的头顶会有头发。