训前准备原文

Today, most people in Western cultures expect to eat meals with their own set of silverware, their own plates, and their own glasses. People use plates to hold their food and drink only from their own glasses. But Europeans didn't always eat this way.
In the 1500s, members of the ruling classes used knives to cut meat. Since they hardly had their own plates and bowls, they would eat the slice of meat off the tip of the knife. They would use shared spoons to eat soup and would dip bread or their fingers into serving bowls of gravy. It was considered impolite to taste something from a spoon if it was being passed down to another person. If you had a bone left in your hand after eating a chicken leg, you were expected to throw it politely under the table.
When some of the Europeans settled in the North America, they brought this eating style with them.
While the new settlers were sharing cups and dipping their fingers into bowls of food, European royalty and nobility were starting to increase their tableware. They were also developing manners to go with their new knives, forks, spoons, plates, and napkins. They started to think of sharing cups or plates as unclean and even impolite. Their new manners made them feel higher than the lower classes.
By the 1700s, these new customs had spread towealthy American settlers. As new landowners, they wanted to have a higherstatus than they would have had in Great Britain. They bought their own dishes and silverware andbrought them to America.
By the late 1800s, mealtime manners had changedfor everyone. As the American middle class grew, they neededmore tableware to show off their wealth.
There was also a complex system of manners by thistime. This new emphasis on behavior influenced everyaspect of everyday life.
And what about the 21st century? Do our manners continue to become more complex? Maybe yes, maybe no.
今天，西方文化中的大多数人都希望用自己的银质餐具、盘子和杯子吃饭。人们用盘子盛食物，用自己的杯子喝水。但欧洲人并不总是这样吃。在16世纪，统治阶级的成员用刀切肉。因为他们几乎没有自己的盘子和碗，所以他们会吃刀尖上的那片肉。他们用共用的勺子喝汤，把面包或手指蘸在盛肉汁的碗里。
有一些关于饮食行为的规则。如果某样东西被传给别人，用勺子品尝会被认为是不礼貌的。如果你吃完鸡腿，手里还剩一块骨头，你应该礼貌地把它扔到桌子底下。当一些欧洲人在北美定居时，他们把这种饮食方式也带来了。当新移民还在共用杯子、用手指蘸碗盛食物的时候，欧洲皇室和贵族开始增加餐具。他们也在发展与新刀叉、勺子、盘子和餐巾纸搭配的礼仪。他们开始认为共用杯子或盘子是不干净的，甚至是不礼貌的。他们的新举止使他们觉得自己比下层阶级的人更高贵。到18世纪，这些新习俗已经传播到富裕的美国定居者。作为新的土地所有者，他们希望拥有比在英国更高的地位。他们自己买了盘子和银质餐具，并把它们带到美国。到了19世纪末，每个人的用餐礼仪都发生了变化。随着美国中产阶级的壮大，他们需要更多的餐具来炫耀自己的财富。在这个时候，还有一个复杂的礼仪体系。这种对行为的新强调影响了日常生活的方方面面。那么21世纪呢?我们的礼仪会变得越来越复杂吗?也许是，也许不是。

第一段段落大意：
当今，西方多数人都希望用自己的餐具吃饭，但欧洲人不总是。

语法点：

“to hold their food”是动词不定式作目的状语。

重要语言点：

Western cultures 西方文化
eat meals 吃饭
a set of silverware 一套银餐具
hold their food 盛放食物
drink only from their own glasses 只从他们自己的杯子里喝

第二段段落大意：
16世纪时西方的用餐礼仪。

长难句：

It was considered impolite to taste something from a spoon if it was being passed down to another person.

“It was considered impolite”是主句，其中“It”是形式主语，“to taste something from a spoon”是动词不定式作真正的主语；“if it was being passed down to another person”是条件状语从句，“if”引导从句，“it”是从句的主语，“was being passed”是谓语，“down to another person”是状语。

语法点：

1. 在英语中，世纪（century）的表示方法有两种：

①用“定冠词+序数词+century”表示

在十八世纪 写作：in the 18th century，读作：in the eighteenth century

②用“定冠词+百位进数+s”表示（注意：这种情况下，实际表达的世纪数是阿拉伯数字本身加一。）

在十六世纪 写作：in the 1500s，读作：in the fifteen hundreds

2. “Since they hardly had their own plates and bowls”是原因状语从句。

3. “have sth done”的意思是“让某事被做”或“使某物被完成”。它表示主语让别人来做某事或使某事处于被完成的状态。

重要语言点：

in the 1500s 在 16 世纪
members of the ruling classes 统治阶级成员
eat the slice of meat 吃肉片
use shared spoons 用共用的勺子
serving bowls of gravy 盛汤汁的碗
eating behavior 饮食行为
taste something from a spoon 从勺子里尝东西
be passed down to 传递给
chicken leg 鸡腿

第三段：

重要语言点：

settle in 定居在
the North America 北美洲
bring sth. with sb. 某人随身携带某物或某人带着某物

第3-4段段落大意：
欧洲人在北美定居后用餐礼仪的发展。

语法点：

“They started to … impolite. ”中“sharing cups or plates”是动名词短语作宾语。“think of sth. as”表示“把某物视为……；认为某物是……”。

重要语言点：

the new settlers 新移民
dip their fingers 把他们的手指伸进
European royalty 欧洲皇室
European nobility 欧洲贵族
develop manners 养成礼仪
go with 与某物相配（或协调、和谐）
feel higher 感觉更高贵
the lower classes 下层阶级

第五段段落大意：
18世纪时西方的用餐礼仪的发展。

语法点：

“By the 1700s, these new customs had spread to wealthy American settlers.”中“had spread”是过去完成时态。过去完成时态表示在过去某一时间或动作之前已经发生或完成的动作，它强调“过去的过去”。在这个句子中，“had spread”表示“这些新的习俗在 18 世纪之前已经传播到了富裕的美国移民那里”，强调在 18 世纪之前这一动作已经完成。

重要语言点：

by the 1700s 到 18 世纪
spread to 传播到
wealthy American settlers 富裕的美国移民
have a higher status 有更高的地位
in Great Britain 在英国

第六段段落大意：
19世纪末西方的用餐礼仪的发展。

语法点：

“As the American middle class grew”，其中“as”引导伴随状语从句，表示“随着”。
“to show off their wealth”是动词不定式短语作目的状语。

重要语言点：

by the late 1800s 到 19 世纪后期
mealtime manners 用餐礼仪
the American middle class 美国中产阶级
show off their wealth 炫耀他们的财富
a complex system of manners 一套复杂的礼仪体系
influence every aspect of everyday life 影响日常生活的各个方面

第七段段落大意：
21世纪末西方的用餐礼仪的发展未知。

重要语言点：

what about ……怎么样 那……呢

文章主旨：
文章大意：本文主要介绍了西方用餐礼仪的发展历程。