训前准备原文

Success is often considered to be the opposite of failure. To teenagers, it is the achievement of a goal or completion of something they really need, such as good grades and the ability to get along well with their classmates. Some schools used to agree with most parents who measured the success of their children according to grades, but now they pay special attention to moral education and character-building to make sure teenagers achieve success in building human relationships.
Schools give chances to students to discover their hidden ability so that they can enjoy some form of success. For example, those good at speaking skills are advised to take part in speech competitions while those interested in arts are expected to perform in front of their classmates. Teenagers also get the pleasure of success when they join their favorite clubs.
Teenagers are often told that success is not easy to achieve and that success lies in hard work. Great efforts have to be put into project work. Doing things much later than planned should be avoided as this will lead to a mountain of work which finally makes them nervous. Another good quality is a sense of responsibility which makes them remember that a task has to be completed.
Sticking to moral values is the key to success too. Honest teenagers will win the trust of friends leading to good relationships. Self-motivation is another quality to be developed, for self-motivated teenagers will have the strong will and drive to perform a task and finally get to enjoy a sense of achievement.
成功通常被认为是失败的反面。对青少年来说，幸福是实现目标或完成他们真正需要的东西，比如取得好成绩和与同学相处融洽的能力。一些学校过去同意大多数家长根据成绩来衡量孩子的成功，但现在他们特别关注道德教育和品格塑造，以确保青少年在建立人际关系方面取得成功。学校给学生机会去发现他们隐藏的能力，这样他们就能享受某种形式的成功。例如，那些擅长演讲的人被建议参加演讲比赛，而那些对艺术感兴趣的人则被期待在同学面前表演。当青少年加入他们喜欢的俱乐部时，他们也会获得成功的乐趣。青少年经常被告知成功是不容易实现的，成功在于努力工作。项目工作必须付出很大的努力。
应该避免做事情比原先计划的晚，因为这将导致堆积如山的工作，最终使他们紧张。另一个好的品质是责任感，这使他们记住任务必须完成。坚持道德价值观也是成功的关键。诚实的青少年会赢得朋友的信任，从而建立良好的关系。自我激励是另一种需要发展的品质，因为自我激励的青少年会有坚强的意志和动力去完成一项任务，最终获得成就感。

第一段段落大意：
青少年、家长和学校针对成功的衡量标准。

长难句：

To teenagers, it is the achievement of a goal or completion of something they really need, such as good grades and the ability to get along well with their classmates.

该句中“they really need”是定语从句，修饰先行词 something。在这个定语从句中，关系代词 that 被省略了。因为在定语从句中，当先行词在从句中作宾语时，关系代词可以省略。

需注意：如果先行词是all, much, anything, something, nothing, everything, little, none等不定代词,关系代词一般只用that,不用which。

“to get along well with their classmates”动词不定式短语作后置定语，修饰“ability”。

语法点：

“to make sure teenagers achieve success in building human relationships”在句中作目的状语。

重要语言点：

opposite of failure 失败的反面
achievement of a goal 目标的达成
completion of something 某事的完成
ability to get along well 良好的相处能力
measure the success of… 根据……衡量成功
pay special attention to… 特别注意……
moral education 道德教育
character-building 品格塑造
achieve success in doing sth. 在做某事上取得成功
build human relationships 建立人际关系

第二段段落大意：
学校给学生提供通向成功的机会。

语法点：

“those good at speaking skills”、 “those interested in arts”中，“good at speaking skills”、 “interested in arts”是形容词短语作后置定语，修饰“those”。
在“those good at … of their classmates”这个句子中，while 是一个并列连词，连接两个并列的句子。它表示对比或对照的关系，强调前后两种情况的不同。

重要语言点：

give chances 提供机会
discover their hidden ability 发现他们隐藏的能力
speaking skills 演讲技能
take part in 参加
speech competitions 演讲比赛
be interested in 对……感兴趣
get the pleasure of success 获得成功的乐趣

第三段段落大意：
成功在于努力工作、在于及时行动和责任感。

语法点：

“as this will lead to … nervous”中as 引导原因状语从句，解释了“应该避免做事比计划晚很多”的原因。
“which finally makes them nervous”为定语从句。which 是关系代词，指代先行词 a mountain of work；makes 是谓语；them 是宾语；nervous 是宾语补足语。

重要语言点：

lie in 在于
put into 投入
lead to 导致
a mountain of work 大量工作
a sense of responsibility 责任感

第四段段落大意：
成功还在于坚持道德价值观和自我激励。

语法点：

“Sticking to moral values”是动名词短语作主语。
“leading to good relationships”是现在分词短语作后置定语，修饰“friends”。
“to be developed”是动词不定式作后置定语，修饰“another quality”。
“for self-motivated teenagers will …achievement”是原因状语从句。

重要语言点：

stick to 坚持
moral values 道德价值观
key to success 成功的关键
win the trust of 赢得……的信任
self-motivation 自我激励
strong will 坚强的意志
perform a task 执行任务
get to do sth. 得以做某事；有机会做某事
a sense of achievement 成就感

文章主旨：
文章大意：本文主要介绍了现今老师和学校更加关注道德教育和性格塑造，以确保青少年在建立人际关系方面取得成功，同时介绍了帮助孩子们获得成功的关键是什么。