When September comes, the new term begins. Parents are all excited because their kids are going back to school. There's nothing better than this. Looking back at the online-class period, what woke up the parents every morning was not their alarms, but their kids' coming online classes. Cooking meals, signing-in learning apps and handing in homework pictures were daily activities for parents to get everything ready for kids. At the same time, the parents had to pay full attention to their kids because there's no difference between giving a kid an electronic product and ▲.What a coincidence! In ancient times, the new term started around White Dew in September, too. People used to have “four big ceremonies in life” which included the ceremony of “starting school, becoming an adult, getting married and burial”.  The ceremony of starting school was a big thing. It showed everyone's best wishes for a kid.Not every kid could go to school. Most of them had to work. But if you were a boy, your father could send you to school.  Luckily, beginning in the Han Dynasty, the school fees were paid by the emperor. Boys studied very hard. They went to school every day, with no weekends, from about 6: 00 a.m.to about 4:00 p.m. The school prepared them for the government tests, and whoever scored high in the tests could get a good job. There weren't any math or science lessons. The students learned how to read, write, and paint pictures.Education has played an important role in the development of China's society. Nowadays, China has provided nine-year free education for each child, and all the kids have a fair chance to enter school.当九月来临时，新学期开始了。父母们都很兴奋，因为他们的孩子要回学校了。没有比这更好的了。回顾网课时期，每天早上叫醒父母的不是他们的闹钟，而是他们孩子即将到来的网课。做饭、登录学习应用软件和提交家庭作业照片是父母为孩子做好一切准备工作的日常活动。与此同时，家长们必须充分关注孩子们，因为给孩子们电子产品和 ▲ 没有什么区别。真是太巧了！在古代，新学期也是在九月的白露前后开始的。人们过去有“人生四大礼”，其中包括“入学礼、成人礼、婚礼和葬礼”。入学礼是一件大事。它表达了大家对一个孩子的美好祝愿。不是每个孩子都能上学。他们中的大多数必须工作。但是，如果你是一个男孩，你的父亲可以送你去上学。幸运的是，从汉代开始，学费由皇帝支付。男孩们学习非常努力。他们每天去上学，没有周末，从早上6点一直上到下午4点左右。学校为他们参加政府的考试做准备，在考试中成绩优异者可以获得一份好工作。没有数学或科学课程。学生们学习如何阅读、写作和画画。教育在中国社会的发展中发挥了重要作用。如今，中国为每个孩子提供了九年的免费教育，所有的孩子都有公平的机会进入学校。第一段段落大意：中国现代开学时间和网课期间父母为孩子的付出。 长难句：Looking back at the online-class period, what woke up the parents every morning was not their alarms, but their kids’ coming online classes.“Looking back at the online-class period”是现在分词短语作状语，表示“回顾网课时期”；“what woke up the parents every morning”是主语从句，作整个句子的主语，“what”在从句中作主语；“was not”是谓语动词，采用了一般过去时态；“their alarms”是表语；“their kids’ coming online classes”是一个名词性短语作表语，指孩子们上课这件事”；通过“not...but...”结构形成对比，强调每天早上叫醒父母的不是他们自己的闹钟，而是孩子们的线上课程。 语法点：“Cooking meals, signing-in learning apps and handing in homework pictures were daily activities for parents to get everything ready for kids.”该句句型结构：主语+系动词+表语。“Cooking meals, signing-in learning apps and handing in homework pictures”是主语，由三个并列的动名词短语组成。“were”是系动词。“daily activities for parents to get everything ready for kids”是表语，其中“for parents”表示“对于家长来说”，“to get everything ready for kids”是动词不定式作定语，修饰“activities”。 重要语言点：go back to school 回到学校online-class period 网课期间wake up 叫醒cook meals 做饭sign-in learning apps 登录学习应用软件hand in homework pictures 提交家庭作业照片pay full attention to 充分关注an electronic product一个电子产品第二段段落大意：中国古代开学时间和人生四大礼。语法点：“What a coincidence!”是由“what”引导的感叹句。What引导的感叹句句型结构通常为：What + (a/an) + 形容词 + 名词 + 其他成分！“People used to have “four big ceremonies in life” which included the ceremony of ‘starting school, becoming an adult, getting married and burial’.”中“which included …… and burial’.”是定语从句，修饰“four big ceremonies in life”。“which”是关系代词，在定语从句中作主语。重要语言点：around White Dew 白露前后four big ceremonies in life 人生四大礼the ceremony of starting school 入学礼become an adult 成年get married 结婚best wishes 美好祝愿第三段段落大意：详细介绍中国古代教育。语法点：“Luckily, beginning in the Han Dynasty, the school fees were paid by the emperor.”中“beginning in the Han Dynasty”是现在分词短语，在句中作时间状语。“whoever scored high in the tests could get a good job.”中“whoever scored high in the tests”是一个主语从句，“whoever”在从句中作主语；“could get”是谓语；“a good job”是宾语。“The students learned how to read, write, and paint pictures.”中“how to read, write, and paint pictures”是“疑问词+不定式”结构作宾语。重要语言点：go to school 上学send you to school 送你上学the Han Dynasty 汉朝school fees 学费be paid by the emperor 由皇帝支付studied very hard 学习很努力prepare sb. for sth. 为某人准备某事government tests 政府考试score high 得分高get a good job 获得好工作paint pictures 画画第四段段落大意：教育重要。如今中国的孩子能更公平接受教育。语法点：“Education has played an important role in the development of China’s society.”中“has played”是现在完成时态。这里“Education has played an important role”表示“教育在过去已经发挥了重要作用，并且这种作用一直持续到现在（和将来）”。“China has provided nine-year free education for each child, and all the kids have a fair chance to enter school.”中“has provided”是现在完成时态。这里“China has provided nine-year free education”表示中国在过去提供了九年免费教育，这种举措对现在的孩子们仍有影响（所有的孩子都有公平的入学机会等），并且这种影响还将持续。重要语言点：play an important role 发挥重要作用the development of China’s society 中国社会的发展nine-year free education 九年免费教育a fair chance 一个公平的机会enter school 入学文章主旨：文章大意：本文主要介绍了中国现代和古代开学都在九月，而且教育历来备受重视。