There is good news for students of vocational colleges in China: the government has announced plans to develop modern vocational education. Premier Li Keqiang said the government should speed up the development of modern vocational education to meet the need for skilled workers and technicians in the job market. High school graduates and workers with no special training are encouraged to study in higher vocational colleges. Li said that the number of the new students in higher vocational colleges in China should go up by 1 million this year. This is the first time the central government has a clear plan.This comes after the news of the large shortfall in highly skilled technicians, although China has millions of technical workers. China is expected to face a shortfall of 3 million skilled workers who can operate the newest machines by 2020. The shortfall will grow to 4.5 million by 2025.Also, vocational education is unsatisfactory, although there are many vocational colleges in China. In some vocational colleges, the education methods and courses cannot meet the need of upgrading, manufacturing. As can be seen from the job market, some companies still can't find highly skilled technicians even with high pay.To deal with the problem, some vocational colleges have worked with companies to teach students. They have hired skilled technicians from companies as teachers. With the rising of the skilled workers' social position and pay, it is believed the vocational education system in China will start to play a bigger role in the development of China.对中国职业学院的学生来说有个好消息：政府已宣布发展现代职业教育的计划。 李克强总理表示，政府应加快发展现代职业教育，以满足就业市场对熟练工人和技术人员的需求。高中毕业生和未经专门培训的工人被鼓励进入高等职业学院学习。李总理说，今年中国高等职业学院的新生数量应增加100万。这是中央政府首次有一个明确的计划。此前有消息称，尽管中国有数百万技术工人，但高技能技术人员存在巨大缺口。预计到2020年，中国将面临300万技术工人的短缺，这些技术工人能够操作最新的机器。到2025年，缺口将增至450万。此外，尽管中国有很多职业学院，但职业教育并不令人满意。在一些职业学院，教育方法和课程无法满足升级、制造的需求。从就业市场可以看出，一些公司即使出高薪仍无法寻觅到高技能技术人员。为了解决这个问题，一些职业学院已与企业合作来教导学生。他们聘请企业的熟练的技术人员作为教师。随着技术工人社会地位和工资水平的提高，我国职业教育体系将开始在我国的发展中发挥更大的作用。第一段段落大意：中央政府宣布了发展现代职业教育的计划。 语法点：在这个句子“There is good news for students of vocational colleges in China: the government has announced plans to develop modern vocational education.”中，“has announced”是现在完成时态。这里使用现在完成时主要强调过去发生的动作（政府宣布计划）对现在产生的影响或结果，即这个计划的宣布对于现在中国职业院校的学生来说是一个重要的消息，体现了这个宣布动作与当前状况的关联性。在这个句子“High school graduates and workers with no special training are encouraged to study in higher vocational colleges.”中“with no special training”是介词短语作后置定语，修饰前面的“workers”，表示“没有经过特殊训练的工人”。在“This is the first time the central government has a clear plan.”中，“the central government has a clear plan”是同位语从句。它具体解释说明了“the first time”的内容，即“第一次”所对应的具体情况。 重要语言点：vocational colleges 职业学院speed up 加速modern vocational education 现代职业教育skilled workers 技术工人high school graduates 高中毕业生special training 专门培训higher vocational colleges 高等职业学院go up by 上升了……；增长了……；提高了……central government 中央政府第二段段落大意：解释中国要发展现代职业教育的原因。 语法点：“China is expected to face a shortfall of 3 million skilled workers who can operate the newest machines by 2020.”中“who can operate the newest machines by 2020”是一个定语从句，修饰先行词“skilled workers”，在定语从句中“who”是关系代词作主语，“can operate”是谓语，“the newest machines”是宾语，“by 2020”是时间状语。“As can be seen from the job market, some companies still can't find highly skilled technicians even with high pay.”中“As can be seen from the job market”：这是一个as引导的非限制性定语从句，在句子中作状语，表示“正如从就业市场可以看到的那样”。 “as”指代后面整个主句“some companies still can't find highly skilled technicians even with high pay”的内容，即“一些公司即便高薪仍找不到高技能技术人员”这一情况。它在从句中作主语，起到连接和指代的作用；“even with high pay”：方式状语，“即使有高报酬”。 重要语言点：come after 紧跟在……之后highly skilled technicians 高技能技术人员millions of 数百万的technical workers 技术工人be expected to 预计vocational education 职业教育meet the need 满足需求job market 就业市场high pay 高薪第三段段落大意：一些职业学院的举措以及作者对中国未来职业教育的展望。 长难句：With the rising of the skilled workers' social position and pay, it is believed the vocational education system in China will start to play a bigger role in the development of China. “With the rising of the skilled workers' social position and pay”：这是一个介词短语作伴随状语，表示“随着技术工人社会地位和薪酬的上升”；“it is believed”：这是一个常用句式，“it”是形式主语；“that the vocational education system in China will start to play a bigger role in the development of China”：这是真正的主语从句，其中“the vocational education system in China”是主语从句的主语，表示“中国的职业教育体系”，“will start to play”是谓语，“a bigger role”是宾语，“in the development of China”是状语。 语法点： “To deal with the problem, some vocational colleges have worked with companies to teach students.”中，现在完成时“have worked”强调过去开始的“与公司合作教学生”这一动作一直持续到现在，并且可能对现在产生影响（比如已经形成了一定的合作模式或成果等）。“They have hired skilled technicians from companies as teachers.”中，现在完成时“have hired”表示“雇佣”这个动作从过去某个时间点开始发生，到现在已经完成，且强调这一动作对现在的情况造成了影响，即现在有了来自公司的熟练技术人员作为教师。 重要语言点：deal with 处理；应对work with 与……合作hire...as 雇用……作为social position 社会地位vocational education system 职业教育体系play a role in 在……中起作用文章主旨：文章大意：本文介绍了为什么中国要发展现代职业教育，就是为就业市场培训更高技能的技术人员。因为预计到2020年，中国将面临300万技术工人的短缺。到2025年，缺口将增至450万。所以李克强总理表示，政府应加快发展现代职业教育，以满足就业市场对熟练工人和技术人员的需求。最后作者认为中国未来的职业教育是有希望的。