The world's first fully hydrogen-powered train line has officially begun running in Germany. The trains make almost no noise and run without polluting. Germany is planning to replace many of its diesel trains with hydrogen trains.On October 24, 2022, five hydrogen-powered trains began to make the 100-kilometre trip between Cuxhaven and Buxtehude in Germany.The new trains are part of a $ 92.5 million project by LNVG, which has been testing the hydrogen-powered trains since 2018.At present, most trains run on diesel power. When diesel fuel is burned, it creates CO2 and other polluting gases.  These gases have helped create the climate crisis. That's partly why the LNVG has decided that all the trains on the route will run on hydrogen. The trains, called Coradia iLint trains, are built by the French company, Alstom.  And LNVG has ordered a total of 14 of the hydrogen-powered trains.And LNVG has ordered a total of 14 of the hydrogen-powered trains. Hydrogen is a gas that burns easily. Hydrogen can be used to create electricity by combining with oxygen in a “fuel cell”.  A fuel cell is like a battery that never runs down as long as it has hydrogen.  The chemical reaction which takes place creates electricity. The Coradia iLint trains run on electricity created by hydrogen fuel cells.  If the fuel cells make too much electricity, it's used to recharge the train's batteries.  Because the motor is electric, the trains run almost silently.There's a hydrogen station on the line to refuel the trains. But since the trains can go about 1,000 kilometres before they need more fuel, they only need to fill up once a day. In many places, hydrogen-powered trains are a smart choice for replacing.In many places, hydrogen-powered trains are a smartchoice for replacing diesel trains. The city of Frankfurt, Germany has already ordered27 of the Coradia iLint trains. Other countries are also interested, France and ltaly have ordered several of thehydrogen-powered trains.世界上第一条完全氢动力的火车线路已在德国正式开始运行。这些火车几乎不产生噪音且运行时不会造成污染。德国正计划用氢动力火车取代许多柴油火车。2022年10月24日，五辆氢动力火车开始在德国的库克斯港和布克斯特胡德之间进行100公里的行程。这些新火车是下萨克森州运输公司一个价值9250万美元项目的一部分，该公司自2018年以来一直在测试氢动力火车。目前，大多数火车依靠柴油动力运行。当柴油燃料燃烧时，会产生二氧化碳和其他污染气体。这些气体恶化了气候危机。这就是为什么下萨克森州运输公司决定该线路上的所有火车都将依靠氢运行。这些被称为Coradia iLint火车的列车是由法国公司阿尔斯通制造的。下萨克森州运输公司总共订购了14辆这种氢动力火车。氢是一种容易燃烧的气体。氢可以通过在“燃料电池”中与氧结合来发电。燃料电池就像一个只要有氢就永远不会耗尽电量的电池。发生的化学反应会产生电能。Coradia iLint火车依靠氢燃料电池产生的电能运行。如果燃料电池产生过多电能，就会用于给火车的电池充电。因为发动机是电动的，所以火车几乎无声地运行。这条线路上有一个氢气站来给火车补充燃料。但由于火车在需要更多燃料之前可以行驶约1000公里，所以它们每天只需补充一次燃料。这些火车的速度可以达到140公里每小时——大约与它们正在取代的柴油火车速度相同。在许多地方，氢动力火车是取代柴油火车的明智选择。德国的法兰克福市已经订购了27辆Coradia iLint火车。其他国家也对此感兴趣。法国和意大利已经订购了几辆这种氢动力火车。第一段段落大意：首条氢动力火车线路在德国正式运行等信息。 语法点：在这个句子“The world’s first fully hydrogen-powered train line has officially begun running in Germany.”中现在完成时态“has officially begun”是强调这个动作对现在的影响，即“世界上第一条完全氢动力火车线路开始运行”这个事件已经发生且其影响持续到现在，可能会带来一系列后续的变化和发展。 重要语言点：fully hydrogen-powered 完全氢动力的 officially begin running 正式开始运行 make almost no noise 几乎不发出噪音 run without polluting 无污染运行 replace...with... 用……替换…… diesel trains 柴油火车 hydrogen trains 氢动力火车第二段段落大意： 德国下萨克森州运输公司自2018年一直在测试氢动力火车。 语法点：在这个句子“The new trains are part of a $ 92.5 million project by LNVG, which has been testing the hydrogen-powered trains since 2018.”中“which … 2018”是一个非限定性定语从句，修饰先行词“LNVG”。在这个从句中，“which”指代“LNVG”；“has been testing”是谓语动词，表示一直在进行的动作，突出了这种测试行为的持续性和不间断性，也暗示着未来可能还会继续进行相关测试或在此基础上有进一步的发展和行动。 重要语言点：make the trip 进行旅程 between...and... 在……和……之间 part of ……的一部分 Lower Saxony State Transport (LNVG) 下萨克森州运输公司hydrogen-powered trains 氢动力火车第三段段落大意：下萨克森州运输公司订购氢动力火车及其中原由。 语法点：在这个句子“The trains, called Coradia iLint trains, are built by the French company, Alstom.”中“called Coradia iLint trains ”是过去分词短语作后置定语，用来进一步说明这些火车的名称。 重要语言点：at present 目前 run on 依靠……运行 diesel power 柴油动力 polluting gases 污染气体 climate crisis 气候危机 a total of 总共第四段段落大意：介绍了氢动力列车是如何提供动力的。 语法点：在这个句子“Hydrogen is a gas that burns easily.”这句话中，“that burns easily”是定语从句，修饰先行词“gas”。“that”指代先行词；“gas”在从句中作主语。在这个句子“A fuel cell is like a battery that never runs down as long as it has hydrogen.”中，“that never runs down as long as it has hydrogen”是一个定语从句，修饰先行词“battery”。 “that”指代“battery”；“as long as it has hydrogen”是条件状语。在这个句子“The chemical reaction which takes place creates electricity.”中，“which takes place”是定语从句，修饰先行词“The chemical reaction”。“which”指代先行词“化学反应”，在从句中作主语。在这个句子“The Coradia iLint trains run on electricity created by hydrogen fuel cells.”中，“created by hydrogen fuel cells”是过去分词短语作后置定语，修饰“electricity”。 重要语言点：be used to 被用来 create electricity 发电 fuel cell 燃料电池 run down 耗尽能量；停止工作 chemical reaction 化学反应 takes place 发生 run on 依靠……运行 electricity created by 由……产生的电 run almost silently 几乎无声地运行第五段段落大意：氢动力火车燃料的补给和速度。 语法点：在这个句子“But since the trains can go about 1,000 kilometres before they need more fuel, they…”中“since”引导原因状语从句。在这个句子“The trains can go as fast as 140 kph—about the same as the diesel trains they’re replacing.”中“they’re replacing”是定语从句，修饰先行词“the diesel trains”。 重要语言点：refuel the trains 给火车补充燃料fill up 加满 go as fast as 速度达到…… kph 千米/小时 about the same as 大约和……一样 diesel trains 柴油火车第六段段落大意：在许多地方，氢动力火车是取代柴油火车的明智选择。 重要语言点：hydrogen-powered trains 氢动力火车 a smart choice 一个明智的选择 several of 几个文章主旨：文章大意：本文主要介绍了氢动力列车的相关信息，包括德国首次使用氢动力列车，并计划取代柴油火车，氢能源的优点，以及其他各国对氢动力火车的看法。