The Flowers
花

Most people in school liked Gloria. So when she got sick, some boys planned to visit her. But none of them wanted to spend any money for a gift to bring along. 

学校里大多数人都喜欢格洛丽亚。所以当她生病时，一些男孩计划去看望她。但是没有一个人愿意花钱买礼物。

Then Willie said, “We can steal some flowers from a grave. " 

然后威利说：“我们可以从坟墓里偷一些花。”

Gloria will not know where they come from, and the dead man will not hate them.  

格洛丽亚不会知道他们从哪里来，死人也不会恨他们。

Everybody was afraid, except Willie.  So he went alone and found some beautiful flowers. Then they went to Gloria's room, and the boys acted as if the flowers were from all of them, but nobody did not mind. 

除了威利，每个人都很害怕。于是他一个人去了，发现了一些美丽的花。然后他们去了格洛丽亚的房间，男孩们表现得好像这些花是他们所有人送的，但没有人介意。

After their visit, Willie said to the other boys, “It is a good thing that I was not afraid.   Gloria liked the flowers. ”

在他们拜访之后，威利对其他男孩说：“我没有害怕是件好事。格洛丽亚喜欢这些花。”

The other boys laughed. Gloria would not have liked the flowers if she had known they had come from a grave. 

其他男孩都笑了。如果格洛丽亚知道这些花是从坟墓里长出来的，她是不会喜欢的。

That night, Willie was reading a book when his mother came into his room. “Willie, did you and other boys buy some flowers today for Gloria? ” she asked. “There's a man outside asking for you,” she added. “He says that you didn't pay for the flowers. ”

那天晚上，威利正在看书，这时他妈妈走进了他的房间。“威利，你和其他男孩今天给格洛丽亚买花了吗?”她问。“外面有个人找你，”她补充说。“他说你没有付钱买花。”

“What does he look like?" Willie asked. 

“他长什么样?”威利问道。

“That's hard to say,” Willie's mother answered.  “He is all covered with mud. ”

“这很难说，”威利的妈妈回答。 “他浑身都是泥。”

Willie, all of a sudden, turned pale. 

威利突然脸色发白。

主旨大意：格洛丽亚生病了，威利从坟墓上偷了一些花和其他男孩子们去看望她。夜里当威利读书时，他的母亲告诉他卖花人来要钱时，威利吓得面色苍白。



长难句：
1. Gloria will not know where they come from, and the dead man will not hate them.
在这句话中，and连接两个并列句，where引导的从句作know的宾语从句。

语法点：
1. 方式状语从句：as if
在这句话Then they went to Gloria's room , and the boys acted as if the flowers were from all of them, but nobody did not mind中，and引导两个并列句，but表示转折。在句子the boys acted as if the flowers were from all of them中，as if引导的句子作状语从句，表示“表现得好像是他们买的花”。
2. 主语从句
在句子It is a good thing that I was not afraid中，为了保持句子平衡，避免头重脚轻的情况，it作形式主语，真正的主语是that从句that I was not afraid。
3. 虚拟语气：if引导的非真实条件句
对过去的虚拟从句if+主语+had done，主句主语+would/should/could/might+have done
在句子Gloria would not have liked the flowers if she had known they had come from a grave中，主句是Gloria would not have liked the flowers ，if引导的非真实条件句if she had known they had come from a grave表示对过去的虚拟，意思是“要是她知道花是来自墓地，她就不会喜欢这些花了”。
4. 现在分词作定语
在句子There's a man outside asking for you中，现在分词短语asking for you作man的定语，由于ask和逻辑主语man是主动关系，所以使用现在分词形式。

重点语言点：
get sick 生病
plan to do sth 计划做某事
spend money for sth 为某物花钱
none of… 没有一个
hate sb 记恨某人
pay for sth 为某物付款
be covered with sth 覆盖了某物
sb turn pale 某人的脸变得苍白