My Path to Growth
我的成长之路

When I was 13, my only purpose was to become the star on our football team. That meant beating out Miller King, who was the best player at our school. 

当我13岁的时候，我唯一的目标就是成为我们足球队的明星。这意味着要打败米勒·金，他是我们学校最好的球员。

Football season started in September and all summer long I worked out. I carried my football everywhere for practice.  

足球赛季从9月开始，整个夏天我都在锻炼。我带着我的足球到处练习。

Just before September, Miller was struck by a car and lost his right arm. I went to see him after he came back from hospital.   He looked very pale, but he didn't cry. 

就在九月前，米勒被车撞了，失去了右臂。他从医院回来后我去看了他。他看起来很苍白，但没有哭。

That season, I broke all of Miller's records while he watched the home games from the bench. We went 10-1 and I was named most valuable player, but I often had crazy dreams in which I was to blame for Miller's accident.  

那个赛季，当米勒坐在替补席上观看主场比赛时，我打破了他所有的记录。我们10胜1负，我被评为最有价值球员，但我经常做疯狂的梦，梦里我要为米勒的意外负责。

One afternoon, I was crossing the field to go home and saw Miller stuck going over a fence—which wasn't hard to climb if you had both arms. I'm sure I was the last person in the world he wanted to accept assistance from.  But even that challenge he accepted. I helped him move slowly over the fence. When we were finally safe on the other side, he said to me,＂You know, I didn't tell you this during the season, but you did fine.   Thank you for filling in for me. " 

一天下午，我穿过球场回家，看见米勒在翻过栅栏时被卡住了——如果你有两只胳膊的话，爬栅栏并不难。我肯定我是他最不愿意接受帮助的人。但即使是这样的挑战，他也接受了。我帮他慢慢地翻过栅栏。当我们最终安全到达另一边时，他对我说:“你知道，赛季期间我没有告诉你这些，但你做得很好。谢谢你代替我。”

His words freed me from my bad dreams.  I thought to myself, how even without an arm he was more of a leader. Damaged but not defeated, he was still ahead of me. I was right to have admired him.  From that day on, I grew bigger and a little more real. 

他的话把我从噩梦中解救了出来。我心想，即使没有胳膊，他也更像个领袖。受损但没有被打败，他仍然领先于我。我钦佩他是对的。从那天起，我长大了，也变得更加真实。

主旨大意：作者想成为球队里最棒的球员，并向最优秀的球员米勒看齐。为了实现梦想，作者刻苦训练，在米勒受伤之后，作者脱颖而出，成为最有价值球员。作者的表现得到了米勒认可。



长难句：
1. We went 10-1 and I was named most valuable player, but I often had crazy dreams in which I was to blame for Miller's accident.
在这句中，主干是I often had crazy dreams，in which引导限制性定语从句in which I was to blame for Miller's accident。
2. One afternoon, I was crossing the field to go home and saw Miller stuck going over a fence—which wasn't hard to climb if you had both arms.
在这句话中，主干是I was crossing the field to go home and saw Miller stuck going over a fence.其中，stuck going over a fence是saw的宾语补足语，同时stuck为过去分词作后置定语，形容米勒被困在围栏里的状态，which wasn't hard to climb if you had both arms是which引导的非限制性定语从句，进一步解释说明前面翻越栏杆的事情。
3. I'm sure I was the last person in the world he wanted to accept assistance from.
在这句中，主干是I was the last person in the world he wanted to accept assistance from.其中he wanted to accept assistance from是由who引导的定语从句，但who作为从句中from的宾语可以被省略。
4. I thought to myself, how even without an arm he was more of a leader.
在这句中，主句是I thought to myself，even without表示即使没有，引导让步状语从句how even without an arm he was more of a leader。

语法点：
1. 非谓语动词：不定式作表语
不定式作表语用于说明主语“是什么”，和主语之间是可以划等号的。在my only purpose was to become这个短语里，to become运用了不定式，在系动词was后面作表语，表示我唯一的目标是…。
2. 非限制性定语从句
非限制性定语从句在句中主要起补充说明作用，缺少也不会影响全句的理解。在非限定性定语从句的前面往往有逗号隔开，和先行词有一定距离。此外，在此类句子中，不能用that，而用who，whom代表人，用which代表事物。在句子That meant…, who was the best player….中，who引导的非限制性定语从句who was the best player at our school则是用来形容米勒。
3. 限制性定语从句：in which引导
限制性定语从句是紧跟在修饰对象（即先行词）之后的定语从句，对先行词进行限定修饰。在句子We went 10-1 …, but I often had crazy dreams in which I was to blame for Miller's accident.中，dream作为抽象地点名词，其后加in which或是where引导的限制性定语从句进行限定。
4. much of + a +单数名词
much of a表示在很大程度上，它有more/less/nothing/kind/somewhat of a +名词这几个变式。在how even without an arm he was more of a leader这句中，more of a leader是much of a的比较级，表示更是…。

重点语言点：
beat out 击败(竞争对手)
all summer long 整个夏天
work out 锻炼
be struck by a car 出车祸
come back from hospital 出院
look pale 看起来脸色苍白
break the record 破纪录
home game 主场比赛
be to blame for 对…负有责任
the last person 最后一个人，引申为最不可能的人
go/move over the fence 翻越围栏
fill in for sb. 代替某人
free sb. from 使某人摆脱
think to oneself 自言自语，盘算
be ahead of 领先
from that day on 从那天起