The greatest moment
最伟大的时刻

The journey my daughter Cathy has had with her swimming is as long as it is beautiful. 

我女儿凯茜的游泳之旅是美丽的，只要它是美丽的。

Cathy suffered some terrible illness her early childhood. After years of regular treatment, she finally became healthy. 

凯茜在童年早期得了一场可怕的病。经过多年的定期治疗，她终于恢复了健康。

Two years ago, while Cathy was watching the Olympics, a dream came into her sweet little head—to be a swimmer. Last summer, she wanted to join a local swim team. She practiced hard and finally made it. The team practice, however, had a rough start. She coughed and choked and could hardly survive her first few weeks. Hearing her coughing bitterly one night, I decided to pull her from it all. But Cathy woke me up early the next morning, wearing her swimsuit ready to go!I told her she shouldn't swim after a whole night's coughing, but she refused to give up and insisted she go. 

两年前，当凯茜在看奥运会时，一个梦想进入了她可爱的小脑袋——成为一名游泳运动员。去年夏天，她想加入当地的游泳队。她努力练习，终于成功了。然而，球队的训练开局并不顺利。她咳嗽、窒息，头几个星期几乎活不下去。一天晚上听到她咳嗽得很厉害，我决定把她从这一切中拉出来。但是凯西第二天一大早就把我叫醒了，她穿着泳衣准备出发!她咳嗽了一整夜，我告诉她不要去游泳，但她拒绝放弃，坚持要去。

From that day on, Cathy kept swimming and didn't miss a single practice. She had a firm intention within herself to be the best she could be. My ten-year-old was growing and changing right before my eyes, into this determined human being with a passion and a mission. There were moments of frustration, of course: often she would be the last swimmer in the race. It was difficult for Cathy to accept that she wasn't a winner —ever. But that didn't stop her from trying. 

从那天起，凯茜坚持游泳，没有错过任何一次练习。她内心有一个坚定的愿望，那就是尽她所能做到最好。我十岁的孩子就在我眼前成长和改变，成为一个有激情和使命的坚定的人。当然，她也有沮丧的时候:她经常是比赛中最后一个游泳者。凯茜很难接受她从来都不是赢家的事实。但这并没有阻止她继续尝试。

Then came the final awards ceremony at the end of the year. Cathy didn't expect any awards but was still there to cheer on her friends and praise their accomplishments. As the ceremony was nearing the end, I suddenly heard the head coach admitting, “The highest honor goes to Cathy!” . Looking around, he continued, “Cathy has inspired us with her will and enthusiasm. ”Although skills and talents bring great success, the most valuable asset(财富)one can hold is the heart. 

然后是年终的颁奖典礼。凯茜并没有期待任何奖励，但她仍然在那里为她的朋友们加油，赞扬他们的成就。当仪式接近尾声时，我突然听到主教练承认:“最高荣誉属于凯茜!”。他环顾四周，继续说道:“凯茜用她的意志和热情激励着我们。虽然技能和才华能带来巨大的成功，但一个人能拥有的最宝贵的资产是心。

It was the greatest moment of my daughter's life. With all she had been through in her ten years, this was the hour of true triumph(成功). 

那是我女儿一生中最伟大的时刻。考虑到她这十年来所经历的一切，这是她真正胜利的时刻。

主旨大意：凯西渴望成为游泳运动员的凯茜在去年夏天加入了游泳队但这个过程并不顺利，但是凯西仍要出发参加。她内心有一个坚定的愿
望，那就是尽她所能做到最好。凯茜用她的意志和热情激励着我们，虽然技能和才华能带来巨大的成功，但一个人能拥有的最宝贵的资产是
心。这是女儿一生最伟大的时刻。
长难句：
1. Hearing her coughing bitterly one night, I decided to pull her from it all.
句子主干I decided to pull her from it all；Hearing her coughing bitterly one night为非谓语hearing作原因状语，是我决定把他从这一切拉出来的原
因。
2. But Cathy woke me up early next morning, wearing her swim suit ready to go!

句子主干Cathy woke me up early next morning；wearing her swim suit ready to go中wearing为非谓语作状语，表凯西穿着她的泳衣准备出发这一状
态。
3. Although skills and talents bring great success, the most valuable asset(财富)one can hold is the heart.
句子主干：the most valuable asset(财富)one can hold is the heart. Although 引导让步状语从句Although skills and talents bring great success，释义为:
虽然技能和才华能带来巨大的成功……
语法点：
1. it作形式主语
It was difficult for Cathy to accept that she wasn't a winner 这个句子中it指代的真正的主语是that accept that she wasn't a winner 。由于真正的主语比较
长，为保证句子的平衡，采用it作形式主语。
2. 非谓语动词：动名词作状语
Looking around, he continued, “Cathy has inspired us with her will and enthusiasm.”
句子主干he continued, “Cathy has inspired us with her will and enthusiasm.” Looking around是动名词作状语,修饰he continued。

重点语言点：
as long as 只要
suffer form 遭受
years of regular treatment 多年的治疗
terrible illness 可怕的疾病
come into 出现
join in 参加
pull from 从......拉取
ready to do 准备做某事
give up 放弃
decide to do 决定做某事
refuse to 拒绝做某事
wake up 一觉醒来
human being 人类
a single practice 一次简单的练习
from that day on 从那天起
have an intention 有…意图
It was difficult for sb 某人做某事非常困难
inspire sb 激励某人
looking around 向四周环顾
the final awards ceremony 最后的颁奖典礼
praise one’s accomplishments. 赞扬某人的成就
cheer on 欢呼，庆祝
valuable asset 宝贵的财富
It was the greatest moment of 最伟大的时刻
the hour of 荣耀