An Encounter of Having a Personal Growth Plan
一次与个人成长计划的邂逅

Years ago, acritical event occurred in my life that would change it forever. I met Kurt Kampmeir of Success Motivation Incorporation for breakfast. While we were eating, Kurt asked me, "John, what is your plan for personal growth?"

几年前，我生命中发生了一件重要的事情，它将永远改变我的生活。我和成功动机公司的Kurt Kampmeir共进早餐。吃饭的时候，库尔特问我:“约翰，你的个人成长计划是什么?”

Never at a loss for words, I tried to find things in my life that might qualify for growth. I told him about the many activities in which I was involved.  And I went into a speech about how hard I worked and the gains I was making. I must have talked for ten minutes. Kurt listened patiently, but then he finally smiled and said, “You don't have a personal plan for growth, do you?”

我从不无言以对，我试着在生活中寻找可能有成长的东西。我告诉他我参加过的许多活动。我发表了一篇关于我如何努力工作和我所取得的成就的演讲。我一定讲了十分钟。库尔特耐心地听着，但最后他笑着说:“你没有个人的成长计划，是吗?”

“No, I admitted. " 

“不，我承认。”

"You know,” Kurt said simply, “growth is not an automatic process. " 

“你知道，”库尔特简单地说，“成长不是一个自动的过程。” 

And that's when it hit me.  I wasn't doing anything on purpose to make myself better. And at that moment, I made the decision: I will develop and follow a personal growth plan for my life.  

就在那时，我突然意识到。我没有刻意做任何事来让自己变得更好。在那一刻，我做了一个决定:我要为我的生活制定并遵循一个个人成长计划。

That night, I talked to my wife about my conversation with Kurt and what I had learned. I showed her the workbook and tapes Kurt was selling. We recognized that Kurt wasn't just trying to make a sale. He was offering a way for us to change our lives and achieve our dreams. 

那天晚上，我和妻子谈到了我和库尔特的谈话，以及我学到的东西。我给她看了库尔特卖的练习册和磁带。我们意识到库尔特不只是想做成一笔买卖。他为我们提供了一条改变生活、实现梦想的道路。

Several important things happened that day.  First, we decided to buy resources.  But more importantly, we made a commitment to grow together as a couple.  From that day on, we learned together, traveled together, and sacrificed together.  It was a wise decision.  While too many couples grew apart, we were growing together. 

那天发生了几件重要的事情。首先，我们决定购买资源。但更重要的是，我们承诺要像夫妻一样共同成长。从那天起，我们一起学习，一起旅行，一起牺牲。这是一个明智的决定。当太多的夫妻分手时，我们却在一起成长。

主旨大意：本文属于记叙文，讲述了作者与库尔特•坎普迈尔相识并对个人成长产生重要认识的经历。在与库尔特的对话后，作者意识到明确的个人成长计划是非常必要的。从那以后，他与妻子一起学习、旅行，踏上了共同成长之路，并取得了很好的个人成就。

长难句：
1. Years ago, acritical event occurred in my life that would change it forever.
这句话中，years ago是时间状语，主语是acritical event，谓语动词是occurred，后面的that would change it forever是that引导的定语从句，其中it指代的是life.
2. Never at a loss for words, I tried to find things in my life that might qualify for growth.
这句话中Never at a loss for words是伴随状语表状态，主句是I tried to find things in my life，后面接to find不定式表目的，句中的that might qualify for growth是定语从句，先行词是things.
3. That night, I talked to my wife about my conversation with Kurt and what I had learned. We recognized that Kurt wasn't just trying to make a sale.
在这句话中，主句是I talked to my wife，其中to my wife about my conversation是介词宾语，后面的并列成分是what引导的宾语从句what I had learned. 后文句子中是that引导的宾语从句that Kurt wasn't just trying to make a sale.
4. But more importantly, we made a commitment to grow together as a couple.
在这句中，主语是we，谓语动词是made，to grow together是to do不定式表目的，后面的as a couple是方式状语。

语法点：
1. 非谓语动词：to do不定式表目的
在这句I wasn't doing anything on purpose to make myself better中，后面的to make myself better是to do不定式表目的。
2. 限制性定语从句：省略that
在这句I showed her the workbook and tapes Kurt was selling.，有一个省略that的定语从句，修饰先行词the workbook and tapes，因为that在定语从句中作宾语，故可以省略。
3. 让步状语从句：while引导
在这句While too many couples grow apart, we were growing together中，While too many couples grow apart是while引导的让步状语从句，从句中的主语many couples与主句中的主语we形成鲜明的对比。

重点语言点：
for breakfast 吃早餐
plan for 对于…的计划
at a loss 不知所措
try to do sth 尽力做某事
tell sb about sth 告诉某人某事
for ten minutes 十分钟
on purpose 故意地
at that moment 在那一刻
make the decision 作出决定
talk to sb about sth 与某人谈论某事
show sb sth 向某人展示某物
try to do sth 尽力做某事
make a sale 成交；达成交易
offer a way for sb to do sth 给某人提供做某事的方法
change one's lives 改变某人的生活
achieve one's dream 实现某人的梦想
decide to do sth 决定做某事
more importantly 更重要的是
make a commitment to do sth承诺做某事
from that day on 从那天起