Self-confidence
自信

Growing up, I always hid my thumbs in my fists because of their unusual shape. Admittedly, they do look more like a big toe instead of a thumb. And from an early age, my thumbs earned another name, “toe thumbs”.

在成长过程中，我总是把拇指藏在拳头里，因为它们的形状很不寻常。不可否认，它们看起来更像一个大脚趾而不是大拇指。从很小的时候起，我的拇指就有了另一个名字，“脚趾拇指”。

In high school, I served as a cashier in a grocery store. One day, I was checking out a sweet little old lady and as I counted her change back to her, she suddenly took my hands and said in a thick Polish accent “You are Polish! Look at those beautiful Polish thumbs! They match mine!”She raised her hands and showed her thumbs to me that although weathered and wrinkled, she looked exactly like mine! She held my hands again and said, “Be proud of those thumbs!”

高中时，我在一家杂货店当收银员。有一天，我在结账一位可爱的小老太太，当我把零钱还给她时，她突然拉着我的手，用浓重的波兰口音说:“你是波兰人!”看看那些漂亮的波兰拇指!它们和我的相配!”她举起双手，向我展示了她的拇指，虽然饱经风霜，布满皱纹，但她看起来和我的一模一样!她再次握住我的手，说:“为你的大拇指感到骄傲吧!”

I'll never forget that 30-second conversation with a stranger that forever changed my view of a part of me I once was embarrassed by and now accept. As I was eating dinner with my Samuel tonight, he looked down at my hand resting on the table next to him and said, “Mommy! Our thumbs match!”I smiled and answered, “Yes, they do, buddy! Those are strong Polish thumbs you have! Take pride in them! Maybe someday you'll have a little boy or girl who will have the same thumbs!”I pray my son never hides his thumbs like I did. I hope he'll be proud of their “unusualness” and the history behind them. He carries on a unique part of me and that for me will always be beautiful!

我永远不会忘记和一个陌生人的30秒对话，它永远改变了我对自己的一部分的看法，我曾经为自己感到尴尬，现在却接受了。今晚，当我和塞缪尔一起吃饭时，他低头看着我放在他旁边桌子上的手，说:“妈妈!我们的大拇指匹配!”我笑着回答说:“是的，他们有，伙计!你的波兰大拇指真结实!为他们感到骄傲吧!也许有一天你会有一个小男孩或小女孩有同样的拇指!”我祈祷我儿子不要像我那样把拇指藏起来。我希望他会为他们的“不寻常”和他们背后的历史感到自豪。他继承了我独特的一部分，对我来说，那将永远是美丽的!

主旨大意：作者曾经为自己的大拇指而尴尬，不过一天，一位老太太告诉她这是波兰人特有的大拇指，作者因此而感到骄傲。



长难句：
1. She raised her hands and showed her thumbs to me that although weathered and wrinkled, looked exactly like mine!
在这句中，主句是She raised her hands and showed her thumbs to me that；that 作宾语补足语(即构成复合宾语)；although为连词，起连接作用，引导让步状语从句although weathered and wrinkled, looked exactly like mine，句子省略了主语her thumbs，looked 为过去分词作后置定语。
2. I'll never forget that 30-second conversation with a stranger that forever changed my view of a part of me I once was embarrassed by and now accept.
在这句中，主句是I'll never forget that 30-second conversation with a stranger，其中that为连词，在句中不作成分，引导宾语从句that 30-second conversation with a stranger；句中第二个that为关系代词，在从句中作主语，引导限制性定语从句that forever changed my view of a part of me I once was embarrassed by and now accept。
3. As I was eating dinner with my Samuel tonight, he looked down at my hand resting on the table next to his and said, “Mommy! Our thumbs match!”
在这句中，主句是he looked down at my hand resting on the table next to his and said, “Mommy! Our thumbs match!”as为连词，起连接作用，引导时间状语从句As I was eating dinner with my Samuel tonight。
4. Maybe someday you'll have a little boy or girl who will have the same thumbs.
在这句中，主句是Maybe someday you'll have a little boy or girl；who为关系代词，引导限制性定语从句who will have the same thumbs。

语法点：
1. 祈使句
用于表达命令、请求、劝告、警告、禁止等的句子叫做祈使句，祈使句最常用于表达命令，因此也常称为命令句，表达说话人对对方的叮嘱、劝告、希望、禁止、请求或命令等。祈使句一般以动词原形开头，无时态和数的变化，句末用句号或感叹号，用降调。
句子 Look at those beautiful Polish thumbs和Be proud of those thumbs和后文Take pride in them都是祈使句。
2. 非谓语动词：过去分词作后置定语
在句子 …looked exactly like mine! 中，looked为过去分词作后置定语。过去分词作定语，在语态上表被动；在时间上表示动作已经发生或完成，与它所修饰的名词有逻辑（意义）上的动宾关系。
3. 方式状语从句：like引导
在句子I pray my son never hides his thumbs like I did中，主句是I pray my son never hides his thumbs；like引导方式状语从句 like I did。like在非正式语篇中，引导方式状语从句，相当于as/ as if/ as though，表示“像……一样”。

重点语言点：
grow up 长大
because of 因为
instead of 而不是
serve as 充当
check out 检查
be proud of 为…感到骄傲
a part of 一部分
look down at 俯视
next to 紧挨着
take pride in 以…为骄傲