An Organization Called Girl Scouts
一个名叫“女孩童子军”的组织

Nowadays, many young people spend a lot of time on their phones, which may annoy many people. However, a group called Girl Scouts are receiving praise for setting up their first walk-in clinic for elderly people, who have difficulty understanding how to unlock the secrets of their smart phones. 

现在，许多年轻人花很多时间在手机上，这可能会惹恼很多人。然而，一个名为“女孩童子军”的组织因为老年人开设了第一家无需预约的诊所而受到赞扬，因为这些老年人很难理解如何解开智能手机的秘密。

Each teen spent at least an hour of one-on-one time with their oldsters. Based on their technological knowledge, each Girl Scout was assigned to teach different aspects of Android and Apple phones. 

每个青少年都会花至少一个小时与他们的长辈进行一对一的交流。在学习科技知识后，每个成员会被分配教授安卓和苹果手机的不同方面。

Some of the oldsters actually wanted to take part in e-commerce (电子商务), and needed help to set up a payment account on their smart phones while others simply had trouble when learning how to send messages to their family members. "I was teaching this older woman how to text, and the first thing she did was to send a message to her daughter," one of the Scouts said.  "How sweet it was! It just made' me feel really, really happy.  "

一些老人实际上想接触电子商务, 他们在智能手机上建立支付账户方面需要帮助，而其他人在学习如何向家人发送信息时却遇到了麻烦。“我教这位老妇人怎么发短信，她做的第一件事就是给她的女儿发短信，”其中一个童子军说。“多么甜蜜啊！这让我感觉真的非常非常开心。”

In addition to arranging group lessons for all of the seniors to review together at the end of the clinic, the youngsters even printed out brochures and guides for the seniors to take home in case confused seniors would encounter problems with their smart phones in the future. 

除了在诊所结束时安排所有老年人一起复习小组课程外，年轻人还打印了小册子和指南，让老年人带回家，以防困惑的老年人将来会遇到智能手机问题。

The eighth graders earned their "Silver Award, for their job. After experiencing the success of their project, the girls hope to organize more clinics in the near future. "Those girls were just great," said Nancy, a grandmother who once visited the clinic.  "They were ready for us and had a very mature attitude about answering our questions, and they deserved the praise. "

初二学生的工作获得了银奖。在经历了项目的成功之后，女孩们希望在不久的将来组织更多的诊所。"那些女孩太棒了"曾咨询过诊所的祖母南希说。 "他们为我们做好了准备，对回答我们的问题有着非常成熟的态度，她们值得表扬。"