Chat Benches
聊天长椅

Detective Ashley Jones works at a police department in England. He has recently made a significant discovery —loneliness is a serious social problem that can contribute to depression and even crimes, but it can be prevented in a clever way. The solution?Chat benches. 

侦探艾什莉·琼斯在英国的一个警察局工作。他最近有了一个重大发现——孤独是一个严重的社会问题，它可能导致抑郁甚至犯罪，但它可以用一种聪明的方法来预防。解决方案?聊天长椅。

Jones got the idea after he had talked with an elderly lady who had been cheated of her money. The lady would get a call from a stranger every morning who eventually made her believe that he was her friend, and then she lent him about £31,000. Jones was shocked when she said that she didn’t actually mind being cheated. “Otherwise, I would never speak to another person for weeks on end,” she said. 

琼斯在与一位被骗了钱的老妇人交谈后产生了这个想法。这位女士每天早上都会接到一个陌生人的电话，这个陌生人最终让她相信他是她的朋友，然后她借给他大约3.1万英镑。当琼斯说她并不介意被骗时，她感到很震惊。“否则，我就不会连续几周和别人说话，”她说。

This led Jones to the conclusion that there are too many extremely lonely people in his community, who are easy targets of cheating. So he decided to do something about it. He convinced the police department to allow him to set up a couple of “chat benches” in two of their local parks. Then he hung a colorful sign on each of the benches that read :"HAPPY TO CHAT"Just a few days after the signs went up, he found people sitting there and engaging in active and joyful conversations. 

这让琼斯得出结论，在他的社区里有太多极度孤独的人，他们很容易成为欺骗的目标。所以他决定做点什么。他说服警察部门允许他在当地的两个公园里设置几个“聊天长椅”。然后，他在每张长凳上都挂了一块彩色的牌子，上面写着：“乐于交谈”。就在告示牌挂起来几天后，他发现人们坐在那里，积极愉快地交谈。

The idea is catching on quickly. There are now over 40 chat benches throughout England. More new chat benches have sprung up across the UK and beyond. All who participated have gained a positive outcome from getting involved. Jones’ idea has been fully realized -the “HAPPY TO CHAT” benches help break down the invisible social barrier that keeps people from saying hello. 

这个想法正在迅速流行起来。现在全英格兰有40多个聊天长椅。在英国和其他地方，更多的新型聊天椅如雨后春笋般涌现。所有参与者都从参与中获得了积极的结果。琼斯的想法已经完全实现了——“乐于聊天”的长椅有助于打破阻碍人们打招呼的无形的社会障碍。

This effort is not just an attempt at being community minded-it’s also a crime-cutting measure. It prevents people who are cut off from society falling victim to cheaters. 

这一努力不仅是一种社区意识的尝试，也是一种减少犯罪的措施。它可以防止那些与社会隔绝的人成为骗子的受害者。

The Chat Bench is a fantastic new project that encourages those of all ages to interact and get to know each other in the future. 

聊天长椅是一个很棒的新项目，它鼓励所有年龄段的人在未来进行互动并相互了解。