The Deceptive Journey
欺骗之旅

A businessman, with a lot of money, was walking through a remote(偏远的) area. Upon learning this, a thief followed him, planning to steal his money at a certain time. The businessman(商人) noticed something was strange and he started to pay much more attention to the thief. 

一个商人，有很多钱，走在一个偏远的地区。一听到这个消息，一个小偷就跟着他，计划在某个时间偷他的钱。商人注意到一些奇怪的事情，他开始更多地关注小偷。

The businessman asked the thief if he would help find some water nearby, and when the thief went to look for the water, the businessman put all of his money into the thief's bag. Then the thief returned and told the businessman where the water was. As soon as the businessman left to get some water, the thief quickly searched the businessman's bag. Certainly, there was nothing that the thief wanted.

商人问小偷是否可以帮他在附近找一些水，当小偷去找水时，商人把他所有的钱都放进了小偷的包里。然后小偷回来告诉商人水在哪里。当商人离开去取水时，小偷迅速搜查了商人的包。当然，没有小偷想要的东西。

The thief was surprised, but he still did not give up hope. After some time, the businessman returned and they both walked for a long time. Then the businessman got tired and slept under a big tree. The thief again checked the businessman's bag and still did not find any money. So the thief believed that the businessman did not actually have any money with him. 

小偷很惊讶，但他仍然没有放弃希望。过了一会儿，商人回来了，他们走了很长时间。然后商人累了，就在一棵大树下睡了。小偷再次检查商人的包，仍然没有找到任何钱。因此，小偷认为商人实际上并没有带钱。

Finally, they arrived at a city. When the thief went after a job and left his own bag behind, the businessman reached in and took back all of his own money he had put there formerly. When the thief came back, he was surprised to see that the businessman was buying some jewels with the money in his bag. The thief couldn't help asking the question, "I didn't know you had money on the trip. "The businessman smiled to him, "Of course you didn't, because it is not yours. "

最后，他们到达了一座城市。当小偷去找一份工作而把自己的包落在了后面时，商人把手伸了进去，把自己先前放在里面的钱都拿了回来。当小偷回来时，他惊讶地发现商人正在用他包里的钱买一些珠宝。小偷忍不住问:“我不知道你旅行时带了钱。”商人笑着对他说:“你当然没有，因为它不是你的。”

主旨大意：本文讲述了一个聪明的商人在旅行的途中，巧妙地把钱放在小偷的包里而躲过了钱被偷的命运。故事我们做事要多动脑筋，要多想办法。



长难句：
1. Upon learning this, a thief followed him, planning to steal his money at a certain time.
在这句话中，主句是a thief followed him，后面的planning to steal his money at a certain time运用现在分词作伴随状语，表示小偷跟随商人的同时计划偷钱，此外，upon learning this是由upon引导的状语从句，其中learning为动名词作介词宾语。
2. The businessman asked the thief if he would help find some water nearby, and when the thief went to look for the water, the businessman put all of his money into the thief's bag.
在这句话中，主句是The businessman asked the thief and put all of his money into the thief's bag，从句是由if引导的宾语从句if he would help find some water nearby和由when引导的时间状语从句when the thief went to look for the water。
3. When the thief went after a job and left his own bag behind, the businessman reached in and took back all of his own money he had put there formerly.
在这句话中。主句是the businessman reached in and took back all of his own money，从句是由when引导的时间状语从句When the thief went after a job and left his own bag behind和由that 引导的限制性定语从句he had put there formerly，但that在从句中作put的宾语，所以被省略。
4. When the thief came back, he was surprised to see that the businessman was buying some jewels with the money in his bag.
在这句话中，主干是he was surprised to see，从句是由when引导的时间状语从句When the thief came back和由that引导的宾语从句that the businessman was buying some jewels with the money in his bag，其中buying为现在分词作see的从句补语，表示商人正在买珠宝的状态。

语法点：
1. 宾语从句：that引导
一般情况下，宾语从句中的that只起引导作用，在句中不做任何成分，没有实际意义，通常可省略。在The businessman noticed something was strange这句话中，something was strange是由that引导的宾语从句，that可省略。
2. 情态动词：would的用法
would作为will的过去式，有以下三种用法：（1）表示过去时间的意志、意愿、决心，用于各种人称。（2）would表示说话人的意愿或向对方提出请求，语气比will婉转，仍指现在时间。（3）表示过去习惯发生的动作。本段中if he would help find some water nearby属于第一种用法，表示意愿。
3. 限制性定语从句：that引导
限制性定语从句是紧跟在修饰对象（即先行词）之后的定语从句，对先行词进行限定修饰。在句子there was nothing that the thief wanted中，that the thief wanted则是由that引导的限制性定语从句，其中that是wanted的宾语。

重点语言点：
walk through 步行穿过
remote area 偏远地区
at a certain time 在某个时候
pay attention to 注意
find water nearby 找到附近的水
go to look for 去寻找
as soon as 一…就
search one's bag 搜查某人的包
give up hope 放弃希望
walk for a long time 走了很久
get tired 变得疲惫
have money with sb. 身上有钱
arrive at 到达某地
go after a job 找一份工作
leave sth. behind 把某事抛在脑后
can't help doing sth. 禁不住做某事