Taking the Wrong Bus
坐错车

This happened several weeks ago. On my way to work, I accidentally got on the wrong bus because I was reading the news on my phone. I had to get off and walk several blocks to work, a path I had never taken. 

这件事发生在几周前。在上班的路上，我不小心上错了车，因为我正在看手机上的新闻。我不得不下车，步行几个街区去上班，这是一条我从未走过的路。

I met a man sitting on a bench looking very upset, so I asked him what was wrong. He said his car had been dragged away (拖走) from a public lot and that he had no money to get to the airport to meet his wife. I told him that I could help him out and let him wait there.  

我看到一个男人坐在长凳上，看起来很沮丧，所以我问他怎么了。他说他的车被从公共停车场拖走了，他没有钱去机场接他的妻子。我告诉他我可以帮他，让他在那里等着。

I went to the bank one block away and got cash. When I returned, the man was standing there, watching me approach him.  When I gave him the cash, he hugged me, thanked me, and started crying! I nearly cried, too. I wished him to get to the airport safely, explained how he could take public transport to get there, and then continued to go to my office. 

我去一个街区外的银行取了现金。当我回来的时候，那个人站在那里，看着我走近他。当我把钱给他时，他拥抱了我，感谢了我，然后哭了起来! 我也差点儿哭了。我希望他能平安到达机场，并向他解释如何乘坐公共交通工具到达机场，然后继续去我的办公室。

I stopped at my usual restaurant for a to go (带走的) breakfast and, at the door, I met another man who politely said, “Excuse me, sir. I don't want your money, but could you please help me get some food?”I said, “Of course, please come with me. ”I ordered my breakfast and paid for this man's order. I wished him a wonderful day. 

我在我常去的那家餐馆买了一份外带早餐，在门口，我遇到另一个男人，他礼貌地说:“对不起，先生。我不要你的钱，但你能帮我弄点吃的吗?”我说:“当然，请跟我来。”我点了早餐，付了这个人的钱。我祝他度过美好的一天。

As you may guess, I was so thankful for putting myself on the wrong bus at the right time. This let me meet two people who needed help and warmth.  During each meeting, I never felt afraid; I only felt delighted to help them. 

你可能猜到了，我很感激自己在正确的时间搭错了车。这让我遇到了两个需要帮助和温暖的人。在每次会面中，我从不感到害怕;我只觉得帮助他们很高兴。

主旨大意：作者意外坐错了车，在路上遇到了两个需要帮助的人。作者热心地帮助了他们，作者感觉能够帮助有困难的人是一种快乐。



长难句：
1. I had to get off and walk several blocks to work, a path I had never taken.
在这句话中，名词短语a path I had never taken作插入语，用来进行补充说明，从句I had never taken作a path的定语，省略了that。
2. He said his car had been dragged away (拖走) from a public lot and that he had no money to get to the airport to meet his wife.
在这句话中，谓语动词said后面跟了由and连接的两个宾语从句，第一个是his car had been dragged away (拖走) from a public lot，省略了that，第二个是that he had no money to get to the airport to meet his wife.
3. I stopped at my usual restaurant for a to go (带走的) breakfast and, at the door, I met another man who politely said, “Excuse me, sir. I don't want your money, but could you please help me get some food?”
在这句话中，and引导两个并列句I stopped…和I met…，who引导的从句who politely said…作man的定语，引号里面的句子作said的宾语从句。

语法点：
1. 现在分词作补语
在这句话I met a man sitting on a bench looking very upset so I asked him what was wrong中，分词短语sitting on a bench和looking very upset作宾语a man的补语，因为sit和look与逻辑主语a man是主动关系，所以用现在分词的形式。
2. 非谓语动词：现在分词作状语
在这句When I returned, the man was standing there, watching me approach him中，主句是the man was standing there，watch与逻辑主语the man是主动关系，所以用现在分词形式watching作状语。
3. 状语从句：as引导的方式状语从句
在句子As you may guess I was so thankful for putting myself on the wrong bus at the right time中，主句是I was so thankful for…，as引导的句子As you may guess作方式状语从句，表示“正如你猜的那样”。

重点语言点：
get on 上车
get off 下车
have to do sth 不得不做某事
drag out 拖走
help sb out 帮助某人脱离困境
watch sb do sth 看某人做某事
take public transport 乘坐公共交通工具
continue to do sth 继续做某事
order sth 点菜
pay for sth 付钱
be thankful for doing sth 对做某事很感激
feel delighted to do sth 做某事感到很开心