The Homeless Hero
无家可归的英雄

For many, finding an unattended wallet filled with £400 in cash would be a source（来源）of temptation（诱惑）.  But the urge would no doubt be greater if you were living on the streets with little food and money.  All of this makes the actions of the homeless Tom Smith even more remarkable.  

对许多人来说，发现一个无人看管的钱包，里面装满了400英镑的现金，是一种诱惑。但如果你住在街上，食物和钱都很少，这种冲动无疑会更大。所有这些都使得无家可归的汤姆·史密斯的行为更加引人注目。

After spotting a wallet on the front seat inside a parked car with its window down, he stood guard in the rain for about two hours waiting for the owner to return.  

他在一辆车窗打开的停着的汽车的前座上发现了一个钱包，于是他在雨中站了大约两个小时，等着失主回来。

After hours in the cold and wet, he reached inside and pulled the wallet out hoping to find some ID so he could contact（联系）the driver, only to discover it contained £400 in notes, with another £50 in spare change beside it.  

在又冷又湿的天气里呆了几个小时后，他把手伸进钱包，拿出钱包，希望能找到身份证，这样他就可以联系司机了，结果发现钱包里有400英镑的钞票，旁边还有50英镑的备用零钱。

He then took the wallet to a nearby police station after leaving a note behind to let the owner know it was safe.  When the car's owner John Anderson and his colleague Carol Lawrence returned to the car—which was itself worth £35,000—in Glasgow city centre, they were shocked to find two policemen standing next to it.  The policemen told them what Mr. Smith did and that the wallet was safe.  　

然后，他把钱包带到附近的警察局，并留下一张纸条让失主知道钱包是安全的。当车主约翰·安德森和他的同事卡罗尔·劳伦斯在格拉斯哥市中心回到那辆价值3.5万英镑的车时，他们震惊地发现车旁边站着两名警察。警察告诉他们史密斯先生做了什么，钱包是安全的。

The pair were later able to thank Mr. Smith for his kindness.  

这对夫妇后来感谢了史密斯先生的好意。

Mr.Anderson said："I couldn't believe that the guy never took a penny.  To think he is sleeping on the streets tonight when he could have stolen the money and paid for a place to stay in.  This guy has nothing and yet he didn't take the wallet for himself；he thought about others instead.   It's unbelievable.  It just proves there are honest guys out there.  "

安德森说：“我简直不敢相信那家伙一分钱都没拿。 想想他今晚睡在大街上他本可以偷钱去找个地方住的。 这个人什么都没有，但他没有把钱包拿走，而是为别人着想。 这是难以置信的。 这只能证明世上还是有诚实的人。”

Mr.Smith's act drew much of the public's attention.  He also won praise from social media users after Mr. Anderson posted about the act of kindness on Facebook.

史密斯先生的行为引起了公众的极大关注。安德森在Facebook上发布了这一善举后，他也赢得了社交媒体用户的赞扬。

Now Mr. Anderson has set up an online campaign to raise money for Mr. Smith and other homeless people in the area, which by yesterday had received ￡8,000.  ＂I think the faith that everyone has shown in him has touched him.   People have been approaching him in the street; he's had job offers and all sorts,"Mr.Anderson commented.

现在，安德森先生在网上发起了一项活动，为史密斯先生和该地区其他无家可归的人筹集资金，截至昨天，该活动已收到8000英镑。“我认为每个人对他的信任感动了他。人们在街上向他走来；他收到了各种各样的工作邀请。“安德森先生评论道。

For Mr.Smith, this is a possible life-changing chance.   The story once again tells us that one good turn deserves another.

对史密斯来说，这可能是一个改变他一生的机会。这个故事再一次告诉我们，善有善报。

主旨大意：无家可归的汤姆·史密斯发现在一辆开着窗的车里有一个无人看管的钱包，里面有450英镑，在雨中站着等了车主大约两个小时后车主还没回来，也联系不上车主，于是史密斯先生留下便条说明钱包很安全并将钱包交到附近的警察局。车主拿到钱包后很感动，在网络上发布了史密斯先生的善行，这引起了社会的关注。车主还发起为史密斯先生和当地无家可归的人的捐款活动，有些人还为史密斯先生提供工作等其他帮助。这个故事印证了“善人有善报”这句话。

长难句：
1. For many, finding an unattended wallet filled with £400 in cash would be a source（来源）of temptation（诱惑）.
这句话动名词短语finding an unattended wallet filled with £400 in cash作主语，谓语是would be，宾语是a source（来源）of temptation（诱惑）。
2. But the urge would no doubt be greater if you were living on the streets with little food and money.
这句话是虚拟语气，主句是the urge would no doubt be greater，从句是if引导的非真实条件句if you were living on the streets with little food and money。
3. After hours in the cold and wet, he reached inside and pulled the wallet out hoping to find some ID so he could contact（联系）the driver, only to discover it contained £400 in notes, with another £50 in spare change beside it.
这句话中，so 连接两个句子he reached inside and pulled the wallet out hoping to find some ID和he could contact（联系）the driver，现在分词短语hoping to find some ID作状语表目的，with短语with another £50 in spare change beside it表伴随。
4. He then took the wallet to a nearby police station after leaving a note behind to let the owner know it was safe.
在这句话中，主句是He then took the wallet to a nearby police station，动词不定式to let the owner know it was safe表目的，动词know的宾语是句子it was safe，省略了that。
5. When the car's owner John Anderson and his colleague Carol Lawrence returned to the car—which was itself worth £35, 000—in Glasgow city centre, they were shocked to find two policemen standing next to it.
这句话中，主句是they were shocked to find two policemen standing next to it，从句是when引导的时间状语从句When the car's owner John Anderson and his colleague Carol Lawrence returned to the car，which引导的非限制性从句which was itself worth £35, 000作car的定语。
6. To think he is sleeping on the streets tonight when he could have stolen the money and paid for a place to stay in.
这句话中，主句是To think he is sleeping on the streets tonight，think的宾语是宾语从句he is sleeping on the streets tonight，省略了that。When引导的从句when he could have stolen the money and paid for a place to stay in作时间状语，从句中could have done表示曾经有机会做某事但没做。

语法点：
1. 非谓语动词：过去分词作后置定语
在这句For many, finding an unattended wallet filled with £400 in cash would be a source（来源）of temptation（诱惑），过去分词短语filled with £400 in cash作后置定语。
2. 非谓语动词：to do特殊用法
在这句话After hours in the cold and wet, he reached inside and pulled the wallet out hoping to find some ID so he could contact（联系）the driver, only to discover it contained £400 in notes, with another £50 in spare change beside it，only to discover it contained £400 in notes作结果状语表意外，谓语discover后面的宾语是句子it contained £400 in notes，省略了that。
3. 时间状语从句
在这句话He …… after Mr. Anderson posted about the act of kindness on Facebook.中，从句是after引导的时间状语从句，表示在“……之后”。
4. 非限制性定语从句：which引导
在这句话Now Mr. Anderson …… in the area, which by yesterday had received ￡8,000，which引导了非限制性定语从句。非限制性定语从句是先行词的附加说明，去掉了也不会影响主句的意思，它与主句之间通常用逗号分开。

重点语言点：
be filled with 充满
a source of 来源
more remarkable 更不同寻常
wait for等待
after doing 做…之后
hope to do 希望做某事
leave … behind 留下
return to 返回
be shocked to do 惊讶地做某事
pay for 支付
stay in 停留
win praise 赢得赞美
set up 发起
raise money 攒钱
show faith in … 信任…
one good turn deserves another 善有善报