A blessing From An Unknown Person
一份来自陌生人的祝福

When most of us get a text message on our cell phone from an unknown person, we usually say "sorry, wrong number!" and move on. But when Dennis Williams received a text that clearly wasn't intended for him, he did something special.  

当我们中的大多数人收到来自陌生人的短信时，我们通常会说“对不起，打错了!”然后继续前进。但当丹尼斯·威廉姆斯收到一条明显不是发给他的短信时，他做了一件特别的事。

On March 19, Dennis got a group text informing him that a couple he didn't know were at the hospital, waiting for the arrival of a baby. 

3月19日，丹尼斯收到了一条群发短信，告诉他一对他不认识的夫妇在医院里等着孩子的到来。

Congratulations! But I think someone was mistaken,Dennis responded.  The baby was born and updated texts were coming in quickly from the overjoyed grandmother, Teresa. In her excitement, she didn't seem to realize that she was sharing the baby's photos with a complete stranger. "Well, I don't know you all but I will get there to take pictures with the baby," replied Dennis before asking which room the new parents were in. 

恭喜你！但我觉得有人搞错了，丹尼斯回答。孩子出生了，喜出望外的祖母特蕾莎很快就发来了最新的短信。在兴奋中，她似乎没有意识到她正在和一个完全陌生的人分享孩子的照片。“嗯，我不认识你们所有人，但我会去那里和孩子合影的，”丹尼斯回答说，然后问这对新父母住在哪个房间。

Much to the family's surprise, Dennis stuck to his promise! He turned up at the hospital bearing gifts for the new mother Lindsey and her baby boy. Lindsey's husband was totally astonished by the unexpected visit. "I don't think we would have randomly invited him over, but we appreciated it and the gifts. 

令全家人惊讶的是，丹尼斯信守了他的诺言! 他出现在医院，给新妈妈林赛和她的宝贝儿子带了礼物。琳赛的丈夫对这次突如其来的拜访感到十分惊讶。“我不认为我们会随意邀请他过来，但我们很感激他的邀请和礼物。

Teresa posted a photo of the chance meeting on a social networking website accompanied by the touching words: "What a blessing this young man was to our family! He was so sweet and kind to do this. "The post has since gained the attention of social media users all over the world, receiving more than 184,000 shares and 61,500 likes in just three days. 

特蕾莎修女在社交网站上晒出了这次偶然相遇的照片，并附上了感人的文字：“这个年轻人对我们家来说是多么的幸运啊!他这么做真是太贴心了。”这条微博引起了全球社交媒体用户的关注，在短短三天内就获得了超过18. 4万次分享和6. 15万次点赞。

主旨大意：丹尼斯·威廉姆斯收到一条陌生人误发短信，告诉他孩子即将出生。他为此做了一件特别的事情：亲自到医院送去祝福。这让他们全家很感动。这件事也得到了全球社交媒体用户的关注。



长难句：
1. When most of us get a text message on our cell phone from an unknown person, we usually say "sorry, wrong number!" and move on.
这句话主句为we usually say "sorry, wrong number!" and move on，其中and 是并列连词，连接两个谓语： say "sorry, wrong number!"和 move on。When为连接副词，引导一个时间状语从句When most of us get a text message on our cell phone from an unknown person。
2. But when Dennis Williams received a text that clearly wasn't intended for him, he did something special.
这句话主句为 he did something special.When为连接副词，引导一个时间状语从句when Dennis Williams received a text that clearly wasn't intended for him，其中这个句子中又包含一个限制性定语从句that clearly wasn't intended for him，修饰先行词 text，that是关系代词，在从句中做主语。
3. On March 19, Dennis got a group text informing him that a couple he didn't know were at the hospital, waiting for the arrival of a baby.
在这个句中，主句是Dennis got a group text。that a couple he didn't know were at the hospital, waiting for the arrival of a baby，是一个宾语从句。这个宾语从句中又包含一个省略掉先行词that的限制性定语从句 he didn't know。waiting是现在分词作伴随状语。
4. In her excitement , she didn't seem to realize that she was sharing the baby's photos with a complete stranger.
这句话，主句是she didn't seem to realize。that引导宾语从句 she was sharing the baby's photos with a complete stranger。
5. Teresa posted a photo of the chance meeting on a social networking website accompanied by the touching words: "What a blessing this young man was to our family! He was so sweet and kind to do this."
这句话的主语是Teresa posted a photo of the chance meeting on a social networking website. 其中accompanied by the touching words是省略掉引导词that的限制性定语从句，修饰先行词a photo，其中冒号引导的What a blessing this young man was to our family!是一个感叹句；He was so sweet and kind to do this是 the touching words的同位语，起到解释说明的作用。


语法点：
1. 非谓语动词：doing现在分词作伴随状语
在这句a couple he didn't know were at the hospital, waiting for the arrival of a baby.中
waiting是现在分词作伴随状语，与其逻辑主语是a couple，呈主动关系，故用ing形式。
2. 限制性定语从句：省略that。
在这句a couple he didn't know were at the hospital中有一个省略that的定语从句，修饰先行词a couple，因为that在定语从句中作宾语，故可以省略。
3. 过去进行时：was doing
she was sharing the baby's photos with a complete stranger，是过去进行时，结构式be dong，表示过去在某一时间段或某一段时间内正在发生或进行的动作。
4. 非谓语动词：doing作伴随状语
在这句He turned up at the hospital bearing gifts for the new mother Lindsey and her baby boy中bearing gifts for the new mother Lindsey and her baby boy做伴随状语。与其逻辑主语he，呈主动关系，故用ing形式。
5. 现在完成时：has+过去分词
从发微博那一刻起到现在，这条微博得到了广泛关注。意味着过去的动作或状态持续到现在，或对现在造成的影响，可能持续发生下去。所以The post has since gained the attention of social media users all over the world要用现在完成时。

重点语言点：
most of 大多数
text message 短信
get from 从......得到
move on 离开，继续前行
be intended for 旨在
a group text 一条群发的短信
wait for 等待
the arrival of ...的到来
be born 出生
in sb's excitement 在某人的兴奋之中
seem to do sth 似乎做某事
share with 和...分享
take picture with sb 和...合影
much to the sb's surprise 令...非常吃惊的是
stick to 坚持
turn up 出现
be astonished by 对...感到惊讶
post on 张贴到...上
gain the attention of 得到...的关注
be kind to 对...友善的