Warmth on a Cold Night
寒冷夜晚中的温暖

I was ready to pay for my bananas at the grocery one night, when fear seized me. My wallet was gone. I could only have left it on the G9 bus, which was now speeding in the dark to some unknown station. 

一天晚上，我正准备去杂货店买香蕉，突然一阵恐惧攫住了我。我的钱包不见了。我只能把它留在G9公交车上，这辆车正在黑暗中驶向某个未知的车站。

The heart-stopping moment was quickly followed by mental math. How much time and money would it cost to replace the contents of that little wallet？The credit cards, the driver's license, the cash, all lost to the bus. 

心跳停止的时刻很快就被心算所跟随。换掉那个小钱包里的东西要花多少时间和金钱?信用卡，驾照，现金，都丢在巴士上了。

Two hours later, back at my house, I heard a knock on the door. My husband answered it while I was on the phone in the dining room. Does Jennifer live here？ I heard a lady say. In my husband's hand was my wallet, with not a penny abandoned. She left before I could even make it to the door to offer my thanks. 

两小时后，我回到家里，听到有人敲门。当我在餐厅打电话时，我丈夫接了电话。詹妮弗住在这里吗?我听到一位女士说。我丈夫手里拿着我的钱包，一分钱都没有留下。我还没走到门口表示感谢，她就走了。

After sharing the story online, I heard from someone, who identified the lady as Erin Smith. Without delay, I called to thank her. She said she spotted my wallet on a bus seat. She calculated that going to a stranger's house was a risky move, but she decided to take the chance. If I were in that situation, I would want someone to try to find me, she said. 

我在网上分享了这个故事后，有人告诉我，这位女士就是艾琳·史密斯。我立即打电话向她道谢。她说她在公车座位上看到了我的钱包。她知道去一个陌生人的家是一个冒险的举动，但她决定冒这个险。她说:“如果我在那种情况下，我希望有人来找我。”

This one stranger responded beautifully to my small crisis, but she actually wasn't the only one. Right after Erin took possession of my wallet on the bus, she posted a picture of my driver's license to an online forum（论坛）, trying to see if anyone knew me. No sooner did she leave my doorstep than I had emails from two women whose kids go to my son's nursery and who recognized my face. I've never exchanged words with those moms beyond small tall, but they wanted to help. I read that people are more divided than ever, but that's not how the people I encounter tend to act. 

这个陌生人对我的小危机反应很好，但她并不是唯一一个。就在艾琳在公交车上拿走我的钱包之后，她把我驾照的照片发到了一个在线论坛上，想看看有没有人认识我。她刚离开我家，我就收到了两个女人的电子邮件，她们的孩子去了我儿子的托儿所，她们认出了我的脸。除了小个子，我从来没有和那些妈妈说过一句话，但她们想帮忙。我读到人们比以往任何时候都更加分裂，但我遇到的人往往不是这样做的。

Looking back, I feel blessed someone had wanted to help a stranger. Erin had gone beyond what almost anyone would have done, finding my house on a bitterly cold night, and for that I was extremely grateful. 

回想起来，有人愿意帮助一个陌生人，我感到很幸运。艾琳做了几乎任何人都不会做的事，在一个寒冷的夜晚找到了我的家，为此我非常感激。