【1】Ben is a middle school student.He lives with his parents in a small town.One Sunday morning，Ben got up early and set out to climb a mountain not far away from his house.Although his parents felt a little worried about him since it was his first time going climbing alone，they decided to let him try.Finally as the sun was going down and it was getting dark，little Ben came back home，with tears in his eyes.
【2】"What's the matter，Ben？How's your trip？" his mother asked."I failed.Although the mountain is very high and the way is full of stones，I still went ahead.But I was tired and it was so late that I had to come back， " Ben cried." It doesn't matter.You are only 14 years old after all.You will have another chance， " his mother said."But standing at the top of the mountain is my dream!" Ben said.His father came over and asked， "Did you feel the beauty of nature？""Yes.The blue sky，the white clouds，the green trees and the colorful flowers made a nice picture， " Ben answered."That's enough!" his father smiled and said." Please remember，my son，most of the time，achieving what you expect is not the most important thing.Although you didn't reach the top of the mountain，you got a lot on the way. "
【3】It is true that not every work will end with success，and not every dream will come true.The most beautiful scenery is on the way.
本是一名中学生。他和父母住在一个小镇上。一个星期天的早上，本早早起床，出发去攀登离家不远的一座山。尽管他的父母有点担心他，因为这是他第一次独自去爬山，但他们还是决定让他试一试。终于，太阳下山，天色渐暗，小本回到家，眼里含着泪水。“怎么了，本？你的旅行怎么样？” 他妈妈问道。我失败了。虽然山很高，路上布满石头，但我还是继续前进。但我太累了，时间也很晚了，所以我不得不回来。” 本哭着说。“没关系。毕竟你才 14 岁。你还会有机会的。” 他妈妈说。“但站在山顶是我的梦想！” 本说。他爸爸走过来问道：“你感受到大自然的美了吗？”“感受到了。蓝天、白云、绿树和花朵都给我留下了深刻的印象。” 本回答道。“这就够了！” 他爸爸微笑着说。“请记住，我的孩子，大多数时候，实现你所期望的并非最重要的事。尽管你没有到达山顶，但你在途中经历了很多。这才是真正重要的。” 他爸爸接着说。确实，并非每一项努力都会以成功告终，也不是每一个梦想都能实现。最美的风景在路上。

第一段段落大意：
Ben首次独自登山失败，深夜回家哭泣。

重点语言点：
climbed a mountain（爬山）
set out to climb（出发去爬）
came back home with tears（含泪回家）

第二代选段落大意：父母安慰Ben，父亲指出过程比结果更重要。

重点语言点：failed to reach the top（未能到达山顶）
was tired and it was so late（又累又晚）
feels the beauty of nature（感受到自然的美丽）

第三段段落大意：人生中失败和未竟的梦想同样有价值，最美的风景在路上。

重点语言点：not every work will end with success（并非每项工作都以成功结束）
the most beautiful scenery is on the way（最美的风景在路上）

文章主旨：
本文讲述了14岁男孩Ben独自去爬山，希望自己能到达山顶，但却因天色渐晚和体力不支没有成功，而他的父亲告诉他过程比结果更重要。