A Bag of Gold
一袋金子

Mark was the owner of a farm and he loved gold very much. He sold all the things in his house and bought a bag of gold. He worried that the gold would be stolen, so he buried(埋藏) the bag under ground near a big tree. The next day he still felt worried, so he went there to check his gold. In the following days he always went to check his gold as soon as he got up. 

马克是一个农场的主人，他非常喜欢金子。他卖掉了家里所有的东西，买了一袋金子。他担心金子会被偷，所以他把袋子埋在一棵大树附近的地下。第二天，他仍然很担心，所以他去那里检查他的金子。在接下来的日子里，他总是一起床就去检查他的金子。

One of his workers noticed his frequent(频繁的) visits to the place and decided to see what he went to do. The worker soon found his secret. One evening the worker dug down until he saw the bag of gold. He took the gold home happily. 

他的一名员工注意到他经常去这个地方，决定看看他去做什么。这名员工很快就发现了他的秘密。一天晚上，这个工人一直往下挖，直到他看到了那袋金子。他高兴地把金子带回家。

Mark, on his next visit, found the empty hole. Then he began to tear at(撕扯) his hair with a loud cry. His neighbor came to see what was happening. After he knew why Mark was crying, he said, “Please don't be so sad.  Go to find a stone and put it into the hole.  Then imagine that your gold is still there.  It will offer the same effect to you.  When the gold was there, you seemed not to have it because you did not make the slightest use of it. ”

马克第二次来的时候，发现了那个空洞。然后他大声哭着开始撕扯自己的头发。他的邻居来看发生了什么事。当他知道马克为什么哭后，他说:“请不要这么伤心。去找一块石头，把它放进洞里。然后想象你的金子还在那里。它会给你带来同样的效果。金子在那里的时候，你好像没有，因为你从来没有使用过它。”

主旨大意：农场主Mark在发现自己埋在树下的金子被偷之后很伤心.邻居却让Mark找块石头来代替金子.这个故事告诉我们:再好的东西,如果不去利用就等于没有。



长难句：

1.He worried that the gold would be stolen, so he buried the bag under ground near a big tree.
这句句子由并列连词so连结。so前面的句子中，句子主干是He worried that...，that后面的句子是宾语从句。so后面的句子中，句子主干是he buried the bag，后面的介词短语做地点状语。
2.In the following days he always went to check his gold as soon as he got up.
句子主干是he went to check his gold；as soon as 连接了时间状语从句，表示一...就...

3. One of his workers noticed his frequent(频繁的) visits to the place and decided to see what he went to do.
句子主干是One of his workers noticed... and decided to see...，其中and是并列连词，连接两个动词短语。see后面是由what引导的宾语从句。
4. One evening the worker dug down until he saw the bag of gold.
句子主干the worker dug down， until引导了时间状语从句，表示直到。

4. His neighbor came to see what was happening.
句子主干是His neighbor came to see...,see后面由what引导了宾语从句。
5. After he knew why Mark was crying, he said, “Please don't be so sad. Go to find a stone and put it into the hole. Then imagine that your gold is still there. It will offer the same effect to you. When the gold was there, you seemed not to have it because you did not make the slightest use of it.”
句子主干he said...。After 引导了时间状语从句，knew后面是why引导的宾语从句。在邻居说的话里， imagine后面是由that引导的宾语从句。When..., you seemed not to have it because...，这句话中，句子主干是you seemed not to have it， when引导了时间状语从句，because引导了原因状语从句。



语法点：

1.过去将来时的被动语态：would be+ done
在句子He worried that the gold would be stolen中，would be stolen是过去将来时的被动语态，表示将要被偷。



重点语言点：

as soon as 一...就...

one of... 其中之一
visit to sp. 参观访问某地

decide to do 决定做某事

tear at 撕扯
offer sth.to sb. 为某人提供某事
seem not to do 好像没做某事

make use of 使用