Elena's Love For Her Cat
埃琳娜对她猫的爱

Every day when Elena comes home from school, her cat Mimi runs to greet her. After doing her homework, Elena plays with Mimi. Today is Monday. Elena comes home and her cat isn't there. Her mum tells her that Mimi died. Elena cries and doesn't eat dinner. 

每天埃琳娜放学回家，她的猫咪咪都会跑过来迎接她。做完作业后，埃琳娜和咪咪一起玩。今天是星期一。埃琳娜回到家，发现她的猫不在。她妈妈告诉她咪咪死了。埃琳娜哭了，不吃晚饭。

Elena thinks Mimi is her good friend and a member of the family. Mimi can play with her and makes her happy when she doesn't feel like talking. 

Elena认为Mimi是她的好朋友，也是家里的一员。咪咪可以和她一起玩，当她不想说话的时候逗她开心。

Elena is sad. Someone says to Elena, “You can get another cat. ” But Elena says, “It is difficult to say goodbye to my cat. ”

埃琳娜很伤心。有人对埃琳娜说"你可以再养一只猫"但是埃琳娜说:“很难和我的猫说再见。”

Elena talks with her friends about her cat. It is the best way to help her start to feel better. She tells stories about her cat. How lovely it is!All her friends love the cat. They like the photos of the cat. It is the best way to remember Mimi. Elena says she won't forget her cat forever. 

埃琳娜和她的朋友谈论她的猫。这是让她感觉好起来的最好办法。她讲她的猫的故事。多么可爱啊!她所有的朋友都喜欢这只猫。他们喜欢猫的照片。这是纪念咪咪最好的方式。埃琳娜说她永远不会忘记她的猫。

主旨大意：和埃琳娜朝夕相处的小猫死了，埃琳娜很伤心。她和朋友讲述小猫的故事，让朋友看小猫的照片，她认为这是纪念小猫的最题住方式。

长难句：
1. Every day when Elena comes home from school, her cat Mimi runs to greet her.
主干是her cat Mimi runs...,前面部分是when引导的时间状语从句。
2. Her mum tells her that Mimi died.
主句是Her mum tells her.后面部分是that引导的从句做补语，因为咪咪去世这件事发生在过去，所以用过去时态。
3. Elena thinks Mimi is her good friend and a member of the family.
主句是Elena thinks...后面部分是that引导的宾语从句，这里省略了that。
4. It is the best way to help her start to feel better.
主干是It is the best way...后面的to help...是it的真实主语，it是形式主语。



语法点：

1.主谓一致：主语为he/she或单个人名的时候，动词要用单数三人称，一般是加s或者es。

文中Elena comes/plays，因为Elena是人名，属于单数三人称，因此谓语动词要加s或者es。


重点语言点：
do sb's homework 做某人的作业
come home 回家
eat dinner 吃晚饭
play with sb.和某人一起玩
make sb. happy 使某人开心
feel like doing...想做某事
It's difficult to do...做某事很困难
It's the best way to do... 做某件事是最好的方式
feel better 感觉好一些了
talk with sb. about sth. 和某人一起谈论某事