The Story of Dudoladov' Online Classes
杜多拉多夫的在线课程故事

Online classes are becoming more and more popular in our life now. Where do you usually take online classes?Maybe most of us are studying in a comfortable room. However, Alexei Dudoladov, a Russian student, has another story to tell. 

在线课程在我们的生活中变得越来越受欢迎。你通常在哪里上网络课?也许我们大多数人都在一个舒适的房间里学习。然而，俄罗斯学生阿列克谢·杜多拉多夫有另一个故事要讲。

He is a university student. To attend online classes, he has to go a long way and climb up a very high tree where he can have Internet connection(连接)． The 21-year-old young man lives in a remote(偏远的)Siberian village in Russia. These days both the weather and the pandemic make it difficult for the people there to live. 

他是一个大学生。为了参加在线课程，他必须走很远的路，爬上一棵很高的树，在那里他可以上网。这个21岁的年轻人住在俄罗斯西伯利亚的一个偏远村庄。这些天的天气和疫情使那里的人们难以生活。

Dudoladov is a popular blogger and he is often active on the local social media. He posted a picture of himself on his blog. Now his act of studying at the top of a snow-covered tree has got the local government's attention. 

杜多拉多夫是一位受欢迎的博主，他经常活跃在当地的社交媒体上。他在博客上贴了一张自己的照片。现在，他在一棵被雪覆盖的树顶上学习的行为引起了当地政府的注意。

His picture has been viewed 19 million times on TikTok and more than 56,000 times on Instagram. Dudoladov wishes the local government could improve the Internet service in his home. “That's why I have been forced to come up with such a creative solution,” he said. 

他的照片在TikTok上被观看了1900万次，在Instagram上被观看了56000多次。杜多拉多夫希望当地政府能够改善他家的互联网服务。“这就是为什么我不得不想出这样一个创造性的解决方案，”他说。

The local education department says it is preparing an individualized(个性化的) learning plan for Dudoladov. In this way, he can study more conveniently soon. 

当地教育部门表示，他们正在为杜多拉多夫准备一个个性化的学习计划。这样，他可以更方便地学习。

主旨大意：在线课程越来越受欢迎，大多数人都是在房间上课，而这个俄罗斯的学生阿列克谢·杜多拉多夫却在恶劣条件下上网课，他的故事引起了当地教育部门的关注，教育部门表示会为他准备一份个性化的学习计划。



长难句：

1.To attend online classes, he has to go a long way and climb up a very high tree where he can have Internet connection.
在这句话中，主句是He has to go a long way and climb up a very high tree ，其中to attend online classes,不定式表示目的，而where引导了一个定语从句。



语法点：
1. 定语从句
在has to go a long way and climb up a very high tree where he can have Internet connection. 中，where引导了一个定语从句。在定语从句中，tree是先行词，因为 he can have Internet connection.句子结构完整不缺成分，故用关系副词where.

2. 被动语态:

在这句话His picture has been viewed 19 million times on TikTok and more than 56 000 times on Instagram中，出现了现在完成时的被动语态，其结构是have/has been done。



重点语言点：
more and more 越来越
take online classses 上网课

climb up 爬
have to 不得不
make+ sth+ adj 让某物怎么样

social media 社交媒体
snow-covered 雪覆盖的
at the top of 在…顶上

come up with 提出/想出