Village Doctor — Wang Jinping
乡村医生 — 王锦萍

Wang Jinping, a 57-year-old woman from the Jidiao Island in Fujian, won the honor of “Most Beautiful Doctor in 2020”. For 34 years, Wang has been the only village doctor on this small island, providing medical services to the villagers. 

来自福建吉钓岛的一名57岁的女子王锦萍获得了“2020年最美医生”的荣誉。34年来，王一直是这个小岛上唯一的村医，为村民们提供医疗服务。

The island is very small and develops very slowly. Over the years, many people have left the island to live a different kind of life in the cities. Now, there are only about 400 people, and nearly half of them are seniors over 65 years old. “I really worry about these old people. So I usually visit them at their home every 10 days. ” Wang says. 

这个岛很小，发展非常缓慢。多年来，许多人离开这座岛屿，到城市过着一种不同的生活。现在，只有大约400人，其中近一半是65岁以上的老年人。“我真的很担心这些老人。所以我通常每10天去他们家一次。”王说。

Wang recalled that when she was a child, there was one or two village doctors in the village, but they left soon after they came because of the poor living conditions. The lack of medical care and medicine was a deep childhood memory for her on the island. When people were sick, they usually went up the mountain to collect some herbs (草药). Their mild (轻微的) illnesses might be developed into serious diseases in the end. 

王回忆，她小时候，村里有一两个村医，但因为生活条件差，来了没多久就走了。缺乏医疗和药品是她在岛上深刻的童年记忆。当人们生病时，他们通常上山收集一些草药。他们轻微的疾病最终可能发展成严重的疾病。

Today, with Wang's help, the case is becoming better. If they feel unwell, they can get help from Wang as soon as possible. Wang is happy for it that she is needed. She wants to do more for them in the future. 

如今，在王的帮助下，情况有所好转。如果他们感到不舒服，他们可以尽快得到王医生的帮助。王很高兴有人需要她。她想在未来为他们做更多的事情。


主旨大意：文章讲述了乡村医生—王锦萍坚守福建鸡刁岛，为老年人提供医疗服务，改善岛上的医疗水平。

标签：人物故事



长难句

1.Wang recalled that when she was a child, there was one or two village doctors in the village, but they left soon after they came because of the poor living conditions.
找到主语Wang，recalled是谓语，后面that则是引导宾语从句，when引导的是时间状语从句。



语法点

1. it做形式宾语：

Wang is happy for it that she is needed.句中for后的it是形式宾语，真正的宾语是that后的从句。介词要加that引导的宾语从句，一般需要添加it作为形式宾语。



重点语言点：

the honor of ...的荣誉
over the years 多年来
worry about担心
medical care 医疗
with one‘s help 在某人的帮助下
as soon as possible 尽可能快
in the future 在未来