【1】The young people are seen as the backbone of the country and the hope for the future.But what characters do they have？Let's read their stories.
【2】Zhou Lei works at the Hubei Academy of Agricultural Sciences.He has done a lot of rice research and has cultivated 16 new kinds of rice so far.Instead of staying in an office，Zhou spends most of his time in the fields.There，Zhou and his team spend 300 days a year doing experiments at least seven to eight hours every day.They play an important role in helping our country achieve food safety.
【3】Having served in the army for several years，Zhang Yu is a living example of the saying "serving the people with all your heart".Now working as a deliveryman ，Zhang Yu works hard every day.Though the work is sometimes tiring，Zhang never forgets to be a kind man.In December 2021，he saved a family out of a fire.Then he rode off on his motorbike，continuing with his work.
【4】Lai Xuanzhi works in a village primary school，which is short of money and doesn't even have its own gym.To help students build a healthy mindset and develop their interests，Lai decided to organize sports training for them.Lai took the job as a coach to teach rope jumping.He studied different methods of jumping rope.The school has 36 champions now.Lai gives these students a bright future. 
年轻人被视为国家的栋梁和未来的希望。但他们有着怎样的特质呢？让我们来读一读他们的故事。周雷在湖北省农业科学院工作。他做了大量水稻研究，迄今为止已培育出 16 种水稻新品种。周雷大部分时间都在田间地头，而非待在办公室里。在那里，周雷和他的团队每年有 300 天时间，每天至少进行七到八小时的实验。他们在助力我国实现粮食安全方面发挥着重要作用。张宇曾在部队服役多年，是 “全心全意为人民服务” 这句话的生动写照。如今作为一名快递员，张宇每天都努力工作。尽管工作有时很辛苦，但张宇始终心怀善意。2021 年 12 月，他从火灾中救出了一家人。然后他骑着摩托车离开，继续投入工作。赖宣治在一所乡村小学工作，这所学校资金短缺，甚至没有自己的体育馆。为了帮助学生树立健康的心态并培养兴趣爱好，赖宣治决定组织体育训练。赖宣治担任教练，教授跳绳。他研究了多种跳绳方法。如今这所学校已有 36 名冠军。赖宣治为这些学生带来了光明的未来。

第一段段落大意：青年是国家的脊梁，通过三个故事展现平凡人的英雄精神。

重点语言点：are seen as the backbone（被视为脊梁）
have great talents（拥有卓越才能）
read their stories（读他们的故事）

第二段段落大意：周磊从事水稻研究，培育新品种，助力粮食安全。

重点语言点：works at the Hubei Academy（在湖北农科院工作）
has cultivated 16 new kinds（培育了16种新品种）
spends most of his time in the fields（大部分时间在田间）
plays an important role（发挥重要作用）

第三段段落大意：张宇从军人转为外卖员，救火后继续工作，体现奉献精神。

重点语言点：served in the army（曾在军队服役）
works as a deliveryman（担任外卖员）
saves a family from a fire（从火灾中救出一家人）
continues with his work（继续工作）

第四段段落大意：赖宣志在乡村小学组织跳绳训练，帮助学生建立健康心态。

重点语言点：works in a village primary school（在乡村小学工作）
organizes sports training（组织体育训练）
teaches rope jumping（教跳绳）
studied different methods（研究不同方法）
brings a bright future（带来光明未来）

文章主旨：
通过农业科学家、外卖员和乡村教师的案例，说明平凡岗位上的坚持与奉献能成就不凡价值，传递“普通人也能成为英雄”的正能量。