【单选】6. Yang Jiayu Won Gold Medal in Women's 20 km Race Walk at Paris Olympics
【单选】6. 杨家玉夺女子20公里竞走金牌

On the afternoon of August 1st, 2024, Yang Jiayu claimed the gold medal in the women's 20 km race walk at the Paris Olympics, taking 1 hour, 25 minutes and 54 seconds.

2024 年 8 月 1 日下午，杨家玉在巴黎奥运会女子 20 公里竞走比赛中夺得金牌，用时 1 小时 25 分 54 秒。

It was August 1st, Army Day. Yang Jiayu, a retired soldier, won the gold on this special day, offering an outstanding gift for Army Day. This was the 11th gold for the Chinese sports team at this Olympics and the first in track and field at the Paris Olympics.

这一天是 8 月 1 日，建军节。杨家玉是一名退役士兵，在这个特殊的日子里赢得金牌，为建军节献上了一份出色的礼物。这是中国体育代表团在本届奥运会上获得的第 11 枚金牌，也是巴黎奥运会田径项目的首金。

The women's 20 km race walk has always been a strength for Chinese track and field. This time, the Chinese team included Yang Jiayu, Ma Zhenxia, and the veteran Liu Hong. The competition was intense from the start. The first group led by Yang Jiayu stood out promptly.

女子 20 公里竞走一直是中国田径的强项。此次中国队包括杨家玉、马振霞以及老将刘虹。比赛从一开始就竞争激烈。以杨家玉为首的第一组迅速脱颖而出。

As the race progressed, Yang Jiayu picked up the pace and took the lead. At 5 kilometers, she regained the lead. At 10 kilometers, she had a 30-second advantage. At 11 kilometers, it was 36 seconds. In the final 5 kilometers, despite the strong efforts of the rivals behind, Yang Jiayu maintained her lead with great skill and strong will. Eventually, she crossed the finish line first and won the gold.

随着比赛的进行，杨家玉加快了步伐并取得领先。5 公里时，她重新夺回领先位置。10 公里时，她领先 30 秒。11 公里时，领先 36 秒。在最后的 5 公里，尽管身后的对手奋力追赶，杨佳玉凭借高超的技巧和坚强的意志保持领先。最终，她第一个冲过终点线，赢得金牌。

Yang Jiayu was born in Wuhai, Inner Mongolia. When she was 14, she got the second place in a school cross-country race and was noticed by her first coach. Then she embarked on her race walk career. She trained hard and was talented. At 15, she had a chance in the national youth competition and got the second place.

杨家玉出生于内蒙古乌海。14 岁时，她在学校的越野赛中获得第二名，并被她的第一位教练注意到。随后她开始了竞走生涯。她刻苦训练，很有天赋。15 岁时，她有机会参加全国青年比赛并取得第二名。

Yang Jiayu's career wasn't smooth. In 2016, she got a chance to go to the Rio Olympics but was only a substitute. In the 2021 Tokyo Olympics, she received the third red card and was punished to stop for 2 minutes, ending up in 12th place. But these setbacks didn't deter her. In the 2023 Hangzhou Asian Games, she faced problems but caught up and won.

杨家玉的职业生涯并非一帆风顺。2016 年，她获得了参加里约奥运会的机会，但只是替补。在 2021 年东京奥运会上，她收到第三张红牌并被罚停 2 分钟，最终排名第 12 位。但这些挫折并没有让她气馁。在 2023 年杭州亚运会上，她面临问题奋起直追并获胜。

Yang Jiayu is both beautiful and powerful. Besides training and competing, she makes short videos. Some netizens call her "the beautiful race walker". When asked about her appearance, she said, "I don't want to be beautiful.  I want my achievements to be beautiful. "This time, she fulfilled her dream at the Paris Olympics, demonstrating her ability and hard work. Next, she will participate in the new event with Liu Hong. Let's hope they perform well for the Chinese team!

杨家玉既美丽又强大。除了训练和比赛，她还制作短视频。一些网友称她为“美丽的竞走者”。当被问及她的外表时，她说：“我不想长得漂亮。我希望我的成绩漂亮。”这次，她在巴黎奥运会上实现了梦想，展示了自己的能力和努力。接下来，她将与刘虹一起参加新项目。让我们希望她们为中国队表现出色！