Adversity and Suffering Benefit Life
苦难成就人生

When I was growing up, I had an old neighbour named Dr Gibbs.He didn't look like any doctor I'd ever known.He never yelled at us for playing in his yard.I remember him as someone who was a lot nicer than most of the adults in our community.

在我成长的过程中，我有一个老邻居，名叫吉布斯医生。他看起来不像我所认识的任何医生。他从不因为我们在他的院子里玩而对我们大喊大叫。我记得他是一个比我们社区里大多数成年人都要好得多的人。

When Dr Gibbs wasn't saving lives, he was planting trees.His house sat on ten acres, and his life's goal was to make it a forest.

吉布斯医生不救人的时候，就在植树。他的房子占地十英亩，他的人生目标就是把它变成一片森林。

The good doctor had some interesting theories concerning plant care and growth.He never watered his new trees, which flew in the face of conventional wisdom.Once I asked why.He said that watering plants spoiled them so that each successive tree generation would grow weaker and weaker.So you have to make things rough for them and weed out (淘汰) the weaker trees early on.

这位好医生有一些关于植物护理和生长的有趣理论。他从不给新种的树浇水，这与传统观念背道而驰。有一次我问他为什么。他说给植物浇水会破坏它们，这样每一代树都会越来越弱。所以你必须让它们的生活变得艰难，并尽早淘汰较弱的树木。

He talked about how watering trees made for shallow roots, and how trees that weren't watered had to grow deep roots in search of moisture.I took him to mean that deep roots were to be treasured.

他谈到浇水的树的根是如何长得浅，而没有浇水的树为了寻找水分不得不长得深。我把他的意思理解为要珍惜深根。

So he never watered his trees.He planted an oak and, instead of watering it every morning, he'd beat it with a rolled­up newspaper.Smack! Slap! Pow!I asked him why he did that, and he said it was to get the tree's attention.

所以他从不给他的树浇水。他种了一棵橡树，每天早上他不是给它浇水，而是用一张卷起来的报纸敲打它。5打!耳光!战俘!我问他为什么这样做，他说这是为了引起树的注意。

Dr Gibbs passed away a couple of years after I left home.Every now and again, I walked by his house and looked at the trees that I'd watched him plant some twenty­five years ago.They're extremely tall, big and robust since they have deep roots now.However, the trees in my garden trembled in a cold wind although I had watered them for several years.

吉布斯医生在我离家几年后去世了。我不时地经过他的房子，看着那些25年前我看着他种下的树。它们长得又高又大又结实，因为它们的根已经很深了。然而，我花园里的树在寒风中颤抖，尽管我已经给它们浇了好几年水。

It seems that adversity (逆境) and suffering benefit these trees in ways comfort and ease never could.I stood there deep in thought.

逆境和苦难似乎比舒适和安逸更能使这些树受益。我站在那里沉思。

Every night before I go to bed, I check on my two sons.I stand over them and watch their little bodies, the rising and falling of life within.I often pray for them.Mostly I pray that their lives will be easy.But I think it's time to change my prayer (祷词) because now I know my children are going to encounter hardship.

每晚睡觉前，我都要看看我的两个儿子怎么样了。我站在他们旁边，看着他们小小的身体，看着里面生命的起起落落。我常为他们祷告。我主要祈祷他们的生活能一帆风顺。但我认为是时候改变我的祈祷了，因为现在我知道我的孩子们将会遇到困难。