The New Secret Weapon for Preventing Wildfire
对付野外火灾的新秘密武器

Local authorities and firefighters in the United States are always on the lookout for new and creative methods to help control wildfires.Especially during the hot and dry summer months, thousands of wildfires cause damage to forests every year.The city of West Sacramento in North California has found a creative secret weapon to help deal with this phenomenon: goats.

美国地方当局和消防队员一直在寻找新的和创造性的方法来帮助控制野火。特别是在炎热干燥的夏季，每年都会有成千上万的野火对森林造成破坏。北加州西萨克拉门托市发现了一种创造性的秘密武器来帮助解决这一现象:山羊。

These friendly animals have been assisting the city with wildfire prevention and fire risks by eating weeds, dry grass and dead trees.When the goats eat the things that are likely to catch fire, they prevent the problem from happening.

这些友好的动物通过吃杂草、干草和死树，帮助城市预防野火和火灾风险。当山羊吃了可能着火的东西时，它们就防止了问题的发生。

Wildfires occur naturally when dry plants are ignited(点燃)by the sun's heat and catch on fire.However, most wildfires are caused by human carelessness, including unattended campfires, cigarettes and other flammable objects.The best strategy to battle the fires and minimize the damage is to attempt to remove the fuel that enables the spread of the flames, in this case the dry weeds, trees and plants.If the things that are most likely to catch fire are gone, the fire is less likely to spread.

当干燥的植物被太阳的热量点燃并着火时，野火就会自然发生。然而，大多数野火是由人类的粗心大意引起的，包括无人看管的营火、香烟和其他易燃物品。与火灾作斗争并将损失降至最低的最佳策略是试图移除使火焰蔓延的燃料，在这种情况下是干燥的杂草、树木和植物。如果最容易着火的东西都没有了，火势就不太可能蔓延。

The loveable goats are able to reach difficult areas that people are not able to access.About 400 of these goats can clear two acres per day.They even fertilize(使肥沃)the area, which is a natural and free side effect of eating all those dry plants.Firefighters and government officials cannot be happier with the results.

可爱的山羊能够到达人们无法到达的困难地区。大约400只这样的山羊每天可以清理两英亩土地。它们甚至给该地区施肥，这是食用所有这些干燥植物的自然而免费的副作用。消防队员和政府官员对结果非常满意。

“For us, the combination of turning to goats for help with the quick fire response is an effective method of keeping our neighbors safe from disastrous wildfires,” said assistant Fire Chief Khari Helae. “With climate change and the fact that our vegetation is being affected because of climate change, it’s necessary to focus on our fuel reduction program. ”

助理消防队长Khari Helae说:“对我们来说，向山羊求助和快速反应是保护我们的邻居免受灾难性野火伤害的有效方法。随着气候变化，我们的植被正在受到气候变化的影响，有必要关注我们的燃料减少计划。”