Wash Your Car, and Brighten My Dream
擦亮你的车，点亮我的梦想

I still remember the day when I was driving to the supermarket I own.When I came out, I found a boy cleaning my car with a brush.I went over and patted him on the shoulder, which surprised him very much.In no time he began to smile at me.So I was sure he needed some money.From the shoes he was wearing I could hardly imagine how poor he was.So I offered him a $100 bill.To my great surprise, he refused to take it.When I was wondering what he was doing, he said, “I was waiting here for 4 hours, waiting for you. Your car is so beautiful and I like it, but I don't need that.”I knew he was mentioning the bill.

我还记得有一天，我开车去自己开的超市。当我出来时，我发现一个男孩正在用刷子擦我的车。我走过去拍了拍他的肩膀，这让他非常吃惊。很快，他开始对我微笑。所以我确定他需要钱。从他穿的鞋子来看，我很难想象他有多穷。所以我给了他一张100美元的钞票。令我大为吃惊的是，他拒绝接受。当我想知道他在做什么时，他说:“我在这里等了4个小时，等你。你的车很漂亮，我很喜欢，但我不需要那个。”我知道他说的是法案。

As he had refused the money, I offered to drive him around the town.The boy became so excited that he got into the car at once, “Would you please drive me home? It is only about 3 miles.”

由于他拒绝给钱，我提出开车载他在城里转一圈。男孩非常兴奋，他马上上了车，“你能开车送我回家吗?”只有大约3英里。”

What the boy wanted to do was to show off to his friends and his family.As soon as I stopped, he jumped out and ran into an old building, telling me to wait there for some time.Very soon he came out, saying to a little girl on his back, “Look at this beautiful car. I will buy you one someday.”I noticed his sister had a pale face.What's worse, her legs were too thin, and she was unable to walk.

这个男孩想做的是向他的朋友和家人炫耀。我一停下来，他就跳出来跑进了一栋老建筑，让我在那里等一会儿。不一会儿他就出来了，对他背上的一个小女孩说:“看这辆漂亮的车。有一天我会给你买一个的。”我注意到他妹妹脸色苍白。更糟糕的是，她的腿太细了，她不能走路。

After that day I went to his home several times.And I got to know more about him and his family.Poor as they were, the boy once again refused my money, and said, “I can make money by myself, thank you.”

那天之后，我去了他家几次。我对他和他的家庭有了更多的了解。尽管他们很穷，男孩还是再一次拒绝了我的钱，并说:“我自己能赚钱，谢谢你。”

Soon I told my manager of the supermarket that a boy would go to work here the next day.

不久，我告诉超市经理，第二天将有一个男孩来这里工作。

No matter how poor we are, we will never give in to ourselves.

无论我们多么贫穷，我们永远不会向自己屈服。