Newly-emerged Theme Cafes in Paris
巴黎的新兴主题咖啡馆

Conflict is on the menu tonight at the café La Chope. This evening, as on every Thursday night, psychologist Maud Lehanne is leading two of France's favorite pastimes, coffee drinking and the “talking cure”. Here they are learning to get in touch with their true feelings. It isn't always easy. The customers — some thirty Parisians who pay just under $2 (plus drinks) per session — are quick to intellectualize (高谈阔论), slow to open up and connect. “You are forbidden to say ‘one feels’ or ‘people think’” Lehanne told them.  “Say ‘I think,’ ‘Think me’. ”

今晚La Chope咖啡馆的菜单有些不一样。今天晚上，就像每个周四晚上一样，心理学家莫德•勒汉纳(Maud Lehanne)正在主持法国人最喜欢的两项消遣活动:喝咖啡和“谈话疗法”。在这里，他们正在学习接触自己的真实感受。这并不总是那么容易。顾客们——大约有30个巴黎人，每次支付不到2美元(加上酒水)——能很快开始高谈阔论，却很难敞开心扉与人交流。“你不能说‘他觉得’或‘人们认为’，”勒汉娜告诉他们。“要说‘我认为’，‘认为我’。”

A café society where no intellectualizing is allowed?It couldn't seem more un-French. But Lehanne's psychology café is about more than knowing oneself: It's trying to help the city's troubled neighborhood cafes. Over the years, Parisian cafes have fallen victim to changes in the French lifestyle — longer working hours, a fast food boom and a younger generation's desire to spend more time at home. Dozens of new theme cafes appear to change the situation. Cafes focused around psychology, history, and engineering are catching on, filling tables well into the evening. 

一个不允许高谈阔论的咖啡馆社区?这看起来不太像法国人。但Lehanne的心理咖啡馆不仅仅是关于了解自己:它试图帮助这座城市陷入困境的社区咖啡馆。多年来，巴黎的咖啡馆成为了法国人生活方式变化的牺牲品——工作时间变长、快餐热潮兴起、年轻一代希望有更多时间待在家里。数十家新的主题咖啡馆似乎改变了这种状况。以心理学、历史和工程学为主题的咖啡馆越来越受欢迎，一直到晚上都座无虚席。

The city's “psychology cafes”, which offer great comfort, are among the most popular places. Middle-aged homemakers, retirees, and the unemployed come to such cafes to talk about love, anger, and dreams with a psychologist. And they come to Lehanne's group just to learn to say what they feel. “There's a strong need in Paris for communication,” says Maurice Frisch, a café La Chope regular who works as a religious instructor in a nearby church.  “People have few real friends.  And they need to open up”. Lehanne says she'd like to see psychology cafes all over France. “If people had normal lives, these cafes wouldn't exist,” she says.  “If life weren't a battle, people wouldn't need a special place just to speak. ”But then, it wouldn't be France. 

这座城市的“心理咖啡馆”提供了极大的舒适，是最受欢迎的地方之一。中年家庭主妇、退休人员和失业者来到这样的咖啡馆，与心理学家谈论爱、愤怒和梦想。他们来Lehanne的小组只是为了学会说出他们的感受。“在巴黎，人们对交流有着强烈的需求，”莫里斯•弗里施(Maurice Frisch)说，他是La Chope咖啡馆的常客，在附近一座教堂担任宗教导师。“人们很少有真正的朋友。他们需要敞开心扉。”勒汉娜说，她希望看到心理咖啡馆遍布法国。“如果人们过着正常的生活，这些咖啡馆就不会存在了，”她说。“如果生活不是一场战斗，人们就不需要一个特殊的地方来说话了。”但那样的话，就不是法国了。

巴黎的新兴主题咖啡馆
主旨大意：由于人们生活方式的改变，巴黎的咖啡馆很少有人光顾。但是近期新兴的主题咖啡馆改变了这个现象，“心理咖啡馆”成为了最受欢迎的地方之一。
长难句：
1. The customers — some thirty Parisians who pay just under $2 (plus drinks) per session — care quick to intellectualize, slow to open up and connect.
主句为The customers care quick to... slow to...破折号中为同位语，who引导了定语从句，修饰some thirty Parisians。
2. A café society where no intellectualizing is allowed?
主句为一个疑问句，关系代词where引导了定语从句，修饰A café society ，定语从句是被动语态。
3. Cafes focused around psychology, history, and engineering are catching on, filling tables well into the evening.
主句为Cafes are catching on, filling tables...其中focus around为过去分词短语作后置定语修饰Cafes。
4. The city's “psychology cafes”, which offer great comfort, are among the most popular places.
主句为the city's "psychology cafes" are among the most popular places，关系代词which引导了非限制性定语从句，修饰the city's "psychology cafes"。
5. “There's a strong need in Paris for communication,” says Maurice Frisch, a café La Chope regular who works as a religious instructor in a nearby church.
主句为...says Maurice，直接引述说话者的话时，可以将句子倒装，使直接引语在句首。逗号后的a café La Chope regular为同位语从句，解释说明
Maurice Frisch，而紧随其后的关系代词who引导了定语从句，修饰a café La Chope regular。