The Efforts of Making the Disabled Accessible to the Shore
让残疾人接近海滩的努力

Imagine if it were easy for everyone to get to the seashore, to smell the sea winds and to feel seawater on their skin.Wouldn't it be great if people with walking difficulty could also get closer to the ocean to enjoy the thrill of a sunset, watching the sun's rays light up the waves?The good news is that things are moving in the right direction!

想象一下，如果每个人都能轻松地到达海边，闻到海风的气息，感受海水在他们的皮肤上的感觉。如果行走困难的人也能靠近海洋，享受日落的刺激，看太阳的光线照亮海浪，这不是很好吗?好消息是，事情正在朝着正确的方向发展!

In a CDC study, around 14% of adults in the US report a mobility disability, defined as serious difficulty walking or climbing stairs.This can make vacation planning a challenge and put some destinations off-limits.But technology companies like Mobi-mat are making a day at the beach for people with limited mobility a reality.

在疾控中心的一项研究中，美国约14%的成年人报告有行动障碍，定义为走路或爬楼梯严重困难。这可能会使度假计划成为一个挑战，并使一些目的地成为禁区。但像Mobi-mat这样的科技公司正在让行动不便的人在海滩上度过一天成为现实。

Mobi-mat has developed some exciting innovations like non-slip roll-out accessibility mats（垫子）.These function like red carpets at movie premieres（首映）, taking people with special needs right to the seashore.They are made of a fine nylon material that is designed for people who use wheelchairs or may otherwise need a firmer surface to cross the sand.

Mobi-mat开发了一些令人兴奋的创新，比如防滑滚垫。这些功能就像电影首映式上的红地毯，把有特殊需求的人直接带到海边。它们是由一种精细的尼龙材料制成的，专为使用轮椅的人设计，或者可能需要一个更坚固的表面来穿过沙子。

More cities are working to make enjoyment of the beach much more wide-ranging in other creative ways based on regional conditions.The town of Jupiter in Florida has opened up access to its beaches to people who have trouble going up and down stairs via three new wide wooden walkovers.The Miami Herald recently reported on the upcoming construction of a wheelchair-accessible beachfront observation platform, and upgraded park with adaptive playground and exercise equipment for people with disabilities in Miami Beach.

越来越多的城市正在努力根据地区情况，以其他创造性的方式，让海滩的享受范围更广。佛罗里达州的朱庇特镇为那些上下楼梯有困难的人开放了通往海滩的通道，新建了三条宽阔的木制天桥。《迈阿密先驱报》最近报道了即将在迈阿密海滩建造一个轮椅无障碍的海滨观景台，并升级了公园，为残疾人提供适应性操场和锻炼设备。

Inspired by creative innovation, forward-looking policymakers and companies, and the shared demands of disabled people who are calling for better access to beautiful beach locations, it seems that many more people of all abilities will be able to head to the beach.

在创造性创新、高瞻远瞩的政策制定者和企业的激励下，以及残疾人要求更好地接近美丽海滩的共同需求，似乎有更多各种能力的人将能够前往海滩。