Is Recycling Really Cost-effective?
回收利用真的便宜吗？

If you are worried about the planet, please make sure your rubbish is buried under the ground. 

如果你担心地球，请确保你的垃圾被埋在地下。

People talk about “reduce, reuse, recycle. ”　It sounds like a good idea. There is a problem, though. Recycling costs too much money.

人们谈论“减少、再利用、再循环”。听起来是个好主意。但是有一个问题。回收花费太多的钱。

Even the U. S. Environmental Protection Agency （EPA） says it only makes sense economically and environmentally to recycle about 35 percent of disabled（废弃的）materials. Among those materials are paper and aluminum（铝）cans. Recycling 1 ton of paper or aluminum cans, the agency says, can save about 3 tons of CO2 emissions（排放物）over producing those materials anew. Paper producers pay for the trees they process. If it was cost-effective to recycle paper, producers would be beating down your door to buy it. But they aren't. That means it's more expensive to recycle old paper than to cut trees and then replant trees for processing. 

即使是美国。美国环境保护署(EPA)表示，回收约35%的废材料在经济和环境上都是有意义的。这些材料包括纸和铝罐(铝)。该机构表示，与重新生产这些材料相比，回收1吨纸或铝罐可以节省约3吨的二氧化碳排放。造纸商为他们加工的树木付费。如果回收纸张具有成本效益，生产商会敲你的门来买它。但事实并非如此。这意味着回收旧纸比砍伐树木然后重新种植树木进行加工要昂贵得多。

Plastic can be recycled too. Given the recent drop in crude oil（原油）prices, it is now cheaper to make a new plastic container than to recycle an old one. Even if that were not true, the EPA says that recycling a ton of plastic saves only about a ton of CO2. However, it doesn't take into account the water most consumers use to wash their plastic containers before having them recycled. The New York Times journalist John Tierney recently wrote, “If you wash plastic in water that was heated by electricity, then the effort of your recycling could be more carbon in the atmosphere. ”

塑料也可以回收利用。考虑到最近原油价格的下跌，现在制造一个新的塑料容器比回收一个旧的塑料容器要便宜。即使这不是真的，美国环保署表示，回收一吨塑料只能减少大约一吨二氧化碳。然而，这并没有考虑到大多数消费者在回收塑料容器之前用来清洗它们的水。《纽约时报》记者约翰·蒂尔尼(John Tierney)最近写道:“如果你在用电加热的水中清洗塑料，那么回收的努力可能会增加大气中的碳含量。”

Glass is another recyclable material. To reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 1 ton you have to recycle 3 tons of glass. If one includes the cost of collecting glass waste from neighborhoods, the pollution produced by the collection trucks, and the recycling process itself, glass recycling creates more greenhouse gas emissions and is more expensive than making new glass, which comes primarily from sand that exists everywhere. 

玻璃是另一种可回收材料。要减少1吨温室气体排放，你必须回收3吨玻璃。如果包括从社区收集玻璃废料的成本、收集卡车产生的污染以及回收过程本身，玻璃回收会产生更多的温室气体排放，而且比制造新玻璃的成本更高，因为新玻璃主要来自无处不在的沙子。

If recycling were truly cost-effective, private companies would be lining up at your doorstep to buy your rubbish. Don't look now because they're not there.

如果回收真的具有成本效益，私人公司就会在你家门口排队购买你的垃圾。现在不要看，因为他们不在那里。

主旨大意：从经济学的角度分析回收三种主流废品，告诉我们回收利用其实是一个昂贵的事业。

长难句：
1. If you are worried about the planet, please make sure your rubbish is buried under the ground.
主句为祈使句please make sure... 其中your rubbish is buried under the ground为make sure的宾语从句，作make sure的宾语。从句为条件状语从句If you are worried about the planet。

2. Even the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) says it only makes sense economically and environmentally to recycle about 35 percent of disabled (废弃的) materials.

主句为Even the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) says...其中says后面有省略了that的宾语从句。宾语从句中的主句为it only makes sense economically and environmentally，其中it为形式主语，to recycle about 35 percent of disabled materials为动词不定式作真正的主语。

3. Given the recent drop in crude oil prices, it is now cheaper to make a new plastic container than to recycle an old one.

主句为it is now cheaper to make a new plastic container than to recycle an old one.其中 to make a new plastic container than to recycle an old one为真正的主语，由形式主语it指代。前半句为过去分词引导的时间状语从句Given the recent drop in crude oil prices。
4. However, it doesn’t take into account the water most consumers use to wash their plastic containers before having them recycled.
主句为 it doesn’t take into account the water其中however为状语，表示”尽管如此“，water后面为省略了关系代词that的从句most consumers use to wash their plastic containers before having them recycled。

5. If one includes the cost of collecting glass waste from neighborhoods, and the pollution produced by the collection trucks and the recycling process itself, glass recycling creates more greenhouse gas emissions and is more expensive than making new glass, which comes primarily from sand that exists everywhere.

从句为if引导的条件状语从句If one includes the cost of collecting glass waste from neighborhoods, and the pollution produced by the collection trucks and the recycling process itself其中第一个连接词and连接了两个宾语the pollution和the cost，第二个and连接了by后面引出的施动者the collection truck和the recycling process。而主句为glass recycling creates more greenhouse gas emissions and is more expensive than making new glass，主句的谓语动词is和creates由and连接。而which引导了非限制性定语从句which comes primarily from sand that exists everywhere，修饰先行词new glass。


语法点：
1. 宾语从句
文中please make sure your rubbish is buried under the ground.有省略了that的宾语从句，这里的宾语从句是your rubbish is buried under the ground,宾语从句作make sure的宾语。宾语从句在句子中作宾语成分，通常情况下，从句前的关系代词that可以省略。

2. 非谓语动词：动名词

文中Recycling是recycle的动名词形式。动名词是名词化的动词，可以充当名词使用，在句中作主语或宾语成分。

3. 主语从句：it作形式主语

文中it only makes sense economically and environmentally to recycle about 35 percent of disabled materials.中为避免句子头重脚轻，将it作为形式主语放句首，真正的主语由不定式 to recycle about 35 percent of disabled materials放在句末，阅读更顺畅。

4. 过去分词作状语

文中Given the recent drop in crude oil prices为give的过去分词given作条件状语从句。因为逻辑主语是人，人和give是动宾关系，所以用give的过去分词而不是现在分词作状语。
5. 限制性定语从句
文中the water most consumers use to wash their plastic containers before having them recycled. 是限制性定语从句，the water为先行词。因为关系代词that在从句中作宾语语，所以可以省略。定语从句用于修饰先行词the water。

6. 过去分词作后置定语

文中the pollution produced by the collection trucks and the recycling process itself为produce的过去分词produced作the pollution的后置定语，修饰the pollution。因为pollution和produce是被动关系，所以使用过去分词，而不是现在分词作后置定语。produced后面的by引出动作的施动者the collection trucks和the recycling process。
7. 非限制性定语从句
文中making new glass, which comes primarily from sand that exists everywhere.有由which引导的非限制性定语从句。其中修饰先行词为new glass，关系代词为which。非限制性定语从句的先行词和关系代词一般用逗号隔开，非限制性定语从句删除后，句子的结构不变。