Passenger Pigeons
旅鸽

Written accounts from the 18th and 19th centuries described flocks（群）so large that they darkened the sky for hours.

从18世纪到19世纪的文字记载中，有这样的描述:鸟群如此之大，以至于在数小时内使天空变暗。

It was calculated that when its population reach its highest point, there were more than 3 billion passenger pigeons – a number equal to 24 to 40 percent of the total bird population in the United States, making it perhaps the most abundant birds in the world.Even as late as 1870 when their numbers had already become smaller, a flock believed to be 1 mile wide and 320 miles (about 515 kilometers) long was seen near Cincinnati.

据计算，当它的数量达到最高点时，有超过30亿只旅鸽——这个数字相当于美国鸟类总数的24%到40%，使它可能成为世界上数量最多的鸟类。即使到了1870年，当它们的数量已经越来越少的时候，在辛辛那提附近也看到了一群据信有1英里宽，320英里(约515公里)长的鸟。

Sadly, the abundance of passenger pigeons may have been their undoing.Where the birds were abundant, people believed there was an ever-lasting supply and killed them by the thousands.Commercial hunters attracted them to small clearings with grain, waited until pigeons had settled to feed, then threw large nets over them, taking hundreds at a time.The birds were shipped to large cities and sold in restaurants.

可悲的是，大量的旅鸽可能是它们灭亡的原因。在鸟类丰富的地方，人们相信它们的存在会永远持续下去，于是成千上万地捕杀它们。商业猎人用谷物把它们吸引到小块空地上，等到鸽子定居下来进食，然后在它们身上撒上大网，一次捕获数百只。这些鸟被运到大城市，在餐馆里出售。

By the closing decades of the 19th century, the hardwood forests where passenger pigeons nested had been damaged by Americans’ need for wood, which scattered（驱散）the flocks and forced the birds to go farther north, where cold temperatures and spring storms contributed to their decline.Soon the great flocks were gone, never to be seen again.

到19世纪最后几十年，旅鸽筑巢的阔叶林因美国人对木材的需求而遭到破坏，这使得旅鸽群四散，迫使它们向更北的地方迁徙，那里的低温和春季风暴导致旅鸽数量减少。很快，大群的旅鸽消失了，再也没有出现过。

In 1897, the state of Michigan passed a law prohibiting the killing of passenger pigeons, but by then, no sizable flocks had been seen in the state for 10 years.The last confirmed wild pigeon in the United States was shot by a boy in Pike County, Ohio, in 1900.For a time, a few birds survived under human care.The last of them, known affectionately as Martha, died at the Cincinnati Zoological Garden in September 1, 1914.

1897年，密歇根州通过了一项禁止捕杀旅鸽的法律，但到那时，该州已经有10年没有看到大规模的旅鸽群了。美国最后一只被证实的野鸽是1900年由俄亥俄州派克县的一个男孩射杀的。有一段时间，一些鸟类在人类的照料下存活了下来。1914年9月1日，最后一只被亲切地称为玛莎的旅鸽在辛辛那提动物园去世。

旅鸽
主旨大意：旅鸽曾经以令人难以置信的数量飞过美国的大部分地区，但是由于人类的掠杀，旅鸽的数量急速下降，后面洲政府出台了法律保护旅鸽，但是他们还是灭绝了。
长难句：
1. It was calculated that when its population reach its highest point, there were more than 3 billion passenger pigeons – a number equal to 24 to 40 percent of the total bird population in the United States, making it perhaps the most abundant birds in the world.
本句为“It be+过去分词+that从句”结构。从句中含有when引导的时间状语从句。
3 billion passenger pigeons和 a number equal...是同位语关系。此外,making...作结果状语。

2. By the closing decades of the 19th century, the hardwood forests where passenger pigeons nested had been damaged by Americans’ need for wood, which scattered the flocks and forced the birds to go farther north, where cold temperatures and spring storms contributed to their decline.
在这句话中，by the...of the 19th century作时间状语，主句是the hardwood forests had been damaged by American's need for food。其中在the hardwood forests where ...中，where引导一个限制性定语从句，修饰forests,而后面的which引导一个非限制性定语从句，修饰前面的句子the hardwood forests where passenger pigeons nested had been damaged by Americans' need for wood。第二个where也引导了一个非限制性定语从句，先
行词是farther north。

语法点：
1. 非谓语动词：现在分词做状语
句子...threw large nets over them, taking hundreds at a time.中，由于take与主语commercial hunters构成逻辑上的主动关系，因此用现在分词taking，
表示伴随。
2. 非谓语动词：现在分词做后置定语
句子the state of Michigan passed a law prohibiting the killing of passenger pigeons中，prohibit与law构成逻辑上的主动关系，因此用现在分词
prohibiting，修饰law。