City Life
城市生活

That cold January night, I was growing sick of my life in San Francisco. There I was, walking home at one in the morning after a tiring practice at the theater. With opening night only a week ago, I was still learning my lines. I was having trouble dealing with my part-time job at the bank and my acting at night at the same time. As I walked, I thought seriously about giving up both acting and San Francisco. City life had become too much for me. 

在那个寒冷的一月夜晚，我开始厌倦旧金山的生活。凌晨一点，我在剧院疲惫地练习完，步行回家。首演才一周前，我还在学习台词。我在银行做兼职，晚上还要演戏，这让我很头疼。走着走着，我认真地想过要放弃表演和旧金山。城市生活对我来说已经变得难以忍受了。

As I walked down empty streets under tall buildings, I felt very small and cold. I began running, both to keep warm and to keep away from any possible robbers. Very few people were still out except a few sad-looking homeless people under blankets. 

当我走在高楼大厦下空荡荡的街道上时，我感到自己又小又冷。我开始跑起来，既是为了保暖，也是为了远离可能的强盗。几乎没有人还在外面，除了几个看起来很悲伤的无家可归的人。

About a block from my apartment, I heard a sound behind me. I turned quickly, half expecting to see someone with a knife or a gun. The street was empty. All I saw was a shining streetlight. Still, the noise made me nervous, so I started to run faster. Not until I reached my apartment building and unlocked the door did I realize what the noise had been. It had been my wallet falling to the sidewalk. 

离我的公寓大约一个街区的地方，我听到身后有声音。我迅速转过身来，还以为会看到拿着刀或枪的人。街上空无一人。我只看到一盏闪亮的路灯。尽管如此，噪音还是让我感到紧张，所以我开始跑得更快。直到我来到我的公寓大楼，打开门，我才意识到刚才的声音是什么。原来是我的钱包掉在了人行道上。

Suddenly I wasn't cold or tired anymore. I ran out of the door and back to where I'd heard the noise. Although I searched the sidewalk anxiously for fifteen minutes, my wallet was nowhere to be found. Just as I was about to give up the search, I heard the garbage truck (垃圾车) pull up to the sidewalk beside me. When a voice called from the inside, "Alisa Camacho?" I thought I was dreaming. How could this man know my name?The door opened and out jumped a small red-haired man with an amused look in his eye. Is this what you're looking for? he asked, holding up a small square shape. 

突然间，我不再感到寒冷和疲倦了。我跑出房门，回到听到声音的地方。尽管我焦急地在人行道上找了15分钟，我的钱包还是没有找到。正当我准备放弃搜寻时，我听到垃圾车在我旁边的人行道上停了下来。当一个声音从里面传来，“艾丽莎·卡马乔?”我以为我在做梦。这个人怎么会知道我的名字?门开了，一个红头发的小个子男人跳了出来，眼里带着一种逗乐的神情。这就是你要找的吗?他举起一个小方块问道。

It was nearly 3 a. m.  by the time I got into bed. I wouldn't get much sleep that night, but I had gotten my wallet back. I also had gotten back some enjoyment of city life. I realized that the city couldn't be a bad place as long as people were willing to help each other. 

我上床的时候已经快凌晨3点了。那天晚上我没怎么睡，但我找回了钱包。我也重新获得了一些城市生活的乐趣。我意识到，只要人们愿意互相帮助，这座城市就不会是一个糟糕的地方。