Globalized Cross-Cultural Communication
全球化的跨文化交流

I still remember my father's embarrassment the day when he was invited to have dinner at a colleague's house. Freshly arriving in Brazil, and not being able to look up on the Internet, he offended his hosts by making a hand gesture — a circle with the thumb and index finger. He had always understood it to mean “OK”, but in Brazil, it meant something different. 

我还记得有一天我父亲被邀请到同事家吃饭时的尴尬。刚到巴西，由于无法上网，他做了一个手势——用拇指和食指画一个圈，冒犯了东道主。他一直把它理解为“OK”的意思，但在巴西，它的意思不同。

The episode was swiftly forgotten. My father's colleague understood that he probably wasn't yet aware of the local meaning of the gesture. He gently explained it meant something rude, and then it was filed away under “things not to be done in Rio”. 

这件事很快就被忘记了。我父亲的同事明白，他可能还不知道这个手势在当地的含义。他温和地解释说，这意味着一些粗鲁的事情，然后它被归档在“不能在里约热内卢做的事情”下面。

I was reminded myself in China. After I replied to a friend's WeChat message with a Van Gogh sticker that I thought meant “keep fighting”, another friend told me I used it wrong. 

在中国，我提醒自己。在我回复一个朋友的微信消息时，我用了一个梵高的贴纸，我以为它的意思是“继续战斗”，另一个朋友说我用错了。

“The Chinese version is a bit different,” she said, taking out her phone and showing to me.  “See these characters? They mean ‘I will hit you!’”

“中国版有点不同，”她说着，拿出手机给我看。“看到这些字了吗?他们的意思是‘我要打你!’”

Life is full of crossed meanings. In India, you sign to someone to come over with your palm down, not up. And in the Middle East, you never use your left hand for anything public. 

生活充满了交叉的意义。在印度，你示意某人过来时手掌要朝下，而不是朝上。在中东，你在公共场合从不用左手。

As adults, we understand that even if it hurts, a mistake is only an insult when it is deliberate. Yet, many conflicts come from misunderstanding, and history is full of the unfortunate outcomes of cross-cultural communication. 

作为成年人，我们明白即使犯错很伤人，但如果是故意犯错，那也只是一种侮辱。然而，许多冲突源于误解，历史上充满了跨文化交流的不幸结果。

My father's pre-Internet Brazilian mistake was forgiven because of context — he had just arrived and he didn't know its local meaning. But when context is absent or simply differently understood — especially in the social media — perhaps it is time we all think twice before typing or talking, especially when the consequences can be more severe than the misuse of a WeChat sticker. 

在互联网出现之前，我父亲犯的巴西错误被原谅了，因为当时他刚到巴西，不知道这个词在当地的意思。但当上下文缺失或理解不同时——尤其是在社交媒体上——也许我们在打字或说话前都应该三思，尤其是当后果可能比滥用微信贴纸更严重的时候。


主旨大意：全文主要讲述了由于文化差异而导致的误解和冲突，如何通过跨文化交流来避免这些问题。

长难句：
1. I still remember my father’s embarrassment the day when he was invited to have dinner at a colleague’s house.
句子主干是I still remember my father’s embarrassment。The day后的when引导限制性定语从句，修饰先行词day。
2. Freshly arriving in Brazil, and not being able to look up on the Internet, he offended his hosts by making a hand gesture — a circle with the thumb and index finger.
句子主干是he offended his hosts。Freshly arriving in Brazil and not being able to look up on
the Internet是两个并列的非谓语动词做伴随状语。By making a hand gesture是介词短语，做方式状语。A circle with the thumb and index finger是hand gesture的同位语。
3. After I replied to a friend’s WeChat message with a Van Gogh sticker that I thought meant “keep fighting”, another friend told me I used it wrong.
句子主干是another friend told me。I used it wrong是省略that的宾语从句，为told的间接宾语。After引导时间状语从句。that引导限制性定语从句修饰先行词sticker，I thought是插入语，表示我认为。
4. “The Chinese version is a bit different,” she said, taking out her phone and showing to me.
句子主干是she said。“The Chinese version is a bit different”是宾语从句。Taking out her phone and showing to me是两个并列的现在分词做伴随状语。
5. As adults, we understand that even if it hurts, a mistake is only an insult (侮辱) when it is deliberate.
句子主干是we understand。that引导宾语从句，as adults是介词短语做方式状语。从句中，句子主干是a mistake is only an insult。Even if 引导条件状语从句，when引导时间状语从句。
6. My father’s pre-Internet Brazilian mistake was forgiven because of context — he had just arrived and he didn’t know its local meaning.
句子主干是My father’s pre-Internet Brazilian mistake was forgiven。Because of context是介词短语表原因。He had just.... meaning是context的同位语从句，用来补充说明父亲当时的情境。
7. But when context is absent or simply differently understood — especially in the social media — perhaps it is time we all think twice before typing or talking, especially when the consequences can be more severe than the misuse of a WeChat sticker.
句子主干是it is time，time后接省略that的限制性定语从句。But表示转折，when引导时间状语从句, especially in the social media是插入语，用连字符隔开，强调尤其是社交媒体亲情境下。


语法点：
1. 非谓语动词的否定式：not+非谓语动词
Not being able to look up on the Internet是非谓语动词的否定形式，所以not放在非谓语动词前面，由于这里的动词和主语是逻辑上的主动关系，所以用现在分词形式。
2. 过去完成时：had done 表示过去的过去
He had always understood it to mean “OK”...这句话中 “had done”是过去完成时，表示在来巴西之前，父亲一直以为这个手势表示OK，所以是过去的过去。

重点语言点：
arrive in 到达
look up on 查找
be aware of 意识到
file sth. away 把（文件等）归档
reply to 回复
a bit 有点
be full of 充满
sign to sb. to do 示意某人做某事
cross-cultural communication 跨文化交流
social media 社交媒体
think twice 再三考虑