A New Education Pattern
一种新的教育模式

Last week, social media posts about a cooking course for school kids, as part of a life skill program to be delivered nationwide this September, went viral (迅速传播) on the Internet. It quickly became the top trending topic on China's Twitter-like Weibo, sparking heated discussions among netizens. 

上周，有一则帖子在互联网上疯传，它是关于为小学生开设烹饪课程作为一项生活技能的计划。预计今年9月在全国范围内开展。这一事件迅速成为中国微博上的热门话题，引发了网民们的热烈讨论。

Based on a new national curriculum standard for compulsory education launched by China's Ministry of Education (MOE), it outlines different cooking and nutrition courses for students in different grades. 

根据中国教育部推出的义务教育新国家课程标准，该标准为不同年级的学生提供了不同的烹饪和营养课程。

It is recommended that first and second graders learn how to peel fruits and brew tea and acquire a basic knowledge of nutrition as well as the ability to take part in basic cooking at home. Students in grades five and six are expected to acquire basic cooking skills such as frying and stewing, and be able to prepare a nutritious meal for their own families. 

小学一、二年级的学生应该学习削水果和泡茶的方法，掌握基本的营养知识，并具备在家做饭的能力。五年级和六年级的学生将掌握基本的烹饪技能，如煎炸和炖菜，并能够为自己的家庭准备一顿有营养的饭菜。

Apart from essential skills such as cooking and housekeeping, the program is also designed to enrich their knowledge in production work as well as services. 

除了烹饪和家政等基本技能外，该项目还旨在丰富他们在生产工作和服务方面的知识。

Many netizens hailed the life skill program and expressed their happiness toward the changing pattern of education. 

许多网友对该项目表示欢迎，并对教育模式的变化表示高兴。

“This should have been done earlier.  Children nowadays lack adequate physical activities and can barely distinguish wheat from rice crops,” commented a user on Douyin. So far the comment has gained 24,000 likes and received nearly 500 replies. 

“早该这么做了。现在的孩子缺乏足够的体育活动，几乎分不清小麦和水稻。”一位抖音用户评论道。到目前为止，这条评论已经获得了2. 4万个赞，收到了近500条回复。

Some netizens, however, expressed their concern that as a non-core curriculum, the program cannot be fully carried out in schools, while others are worried that the program will merely put an extra burden on parents. 

然而，一些网民表示担心，作为一门非核心课程，该课程不能在学校全面开展，而另一些人则担心该课程只会给家长增加额外的负担。

“Through the learning and experience, students will develop respect for labor, the ability to make innovations and apply knowledge and skills in real life, and a sense of social responsibilities.  Schools should take the lead in teaching life skills, while families should play a supporting role. ” said Gu Jianjun, a MOE official. 

“通过学习和体验，培养学生尊重劳动、创新和应用知识技能的能力，以及社会责任感。学校应该带头教授生活技能，而家庭应该发挥辅助作用。”教育部官员顾建军说。

主旨大意：本文围绕在互联网上走红的烹饪课程，展开阐述了对新的教育模式的政策各方的观点。



长难句：
1.Last week, social media posts about a cooking course for school kids, as part of a life skill program to be delivered nationwide this September, went viral on the Internet.
主句为social media posts went viral...，而介词短语about a cooking course为posts的后置定语,as part of a life skill program to be delivered nationwide this September为方式状语。
2.It quickly became the top trending topic on China's Twitter-like Weibo, sparking heated discussions among netizens.
主句为It became the top trending topic，现在分词sparking引导了结果状语。

3.It is recommended that first and second graders learn how to peel fruits and brew tea and acquire a basic knowledge of nutrition as well as the ability to take part in basic cooking at home.
主句为It is recommended that ...,其中it为形式主语，真正的主语为that引导的主语从句。主语从句中第二个and连接了两个谓语动词learn和acquire，as well as连接了acquire的两个宾语a basic knowledge of...和the ability to...。

4.Some netizens, however, expressed their concern that as a non-core curriculum, the program cannot be fully carried out in schools, while others are worried that the program will merely put an extra burden on parents.
主句为Some netizens expressed their concern that...，concern后为that引导的同位语从句。该从句中主句为the program cannot be fully carried out in schools，从句为while引导的时间状语从句，其中从句中的that引导了宾语从句。



语法点：
1.非谓语动词：
sparking heated discussions中为现在分词作结果状语，结果状语常常位于句尾，表示直接造成的结果。

2.It作为形式主语：
一般用形式主语it代替真正的主语，放在句首，避免句子显得头重脚轻，文中It is recommended that...中，it为形式主语，真正的主语由that引出，避免主语放在句首显得过长。

3.虚拟语气：
This should have been done earlier.本句是对过去的否定，结构为should+have done，表示“本应该做”（而没有做）。



重点语言点：
go viral 迅速传播

take part in 参与

apart from 除了

distinguish A from B 区分A和B

make innovations 做出创新
take the lead 带领
play a role 发挥作用