A Famous Baseball Player
一个著名棒球手

Born on a farm in 1876, Mordecai Brown couldn't have imagined his life as a Major League Baseball pitcher （投手）. When he helped his parents at age 5, his right hand accidentally was caught in a corn harvester, losing parts of two fingers or three fingers left. However, his disabled hand did not keep him from doing what other boys of his age were doing, like playing baseball. 

莫迪凯·布朗于1876年出生在一个农场，他无法想象自己会成为美国职业棒球大联盟的投手。当他5岁帮助父母时，他的右手不小心被玉米收割机夹住了，失去了两三个手指。然而，他残疾的手并没有阻止他做其他同龄男孩正在做的事情，比如打棒球。

While working as a coal miner in his twenties, Mordecai joined a baseball team made up of fellow coal miners. In 1898, the team's pitcher injured his arm. The manager ordered Mordecai to act as the pitcher. Mordecai shook his head and held up his right hand as a reminder. But the manager didn't care. Since you have the best arm on the team, you will have to pitch.  Finally, his team won the game nine to three. 

莫迪凯20多岁时是一名煤矿工人，他加入了一个由煤矿工人组成的棒球队。1898年，球队的投手手臂受伤。经理吩咐莫迪凯改作投手。莫迪凯摇头，并举起右手提醒他。但经理并不在意。既然你的手臂是全队最好的，你就得投球。最后，他的球队以九比三赢得了比赛。

In 1903, Mordecai Brown broke into Major League Baseball when he signed with the St.  Louis Cardinals. Only a year later, the management of the Cardinals decided that Mordecai's disability would keep him from ever becoming a star pitcher. They traded him to the Chicago Cubs. 

1903年，莫迪凯·布朗与圣路易斯红雀队签约，并突然进入了美国职业棒球大联盟。仅仅一年后，红雀队的管理层决定，莫迪凯的残疾将使他永远无法成为明星投手。他们把他交易到芝加哥小熊队。

On a sunny October afternoon in 1908, thousands of people went to New York City's Polo Grounds to see the New York Giants and the Chicago Cubs battle. Mordecai was not the pitcher at first. He watched as the chosen starter faced the batters （击球员） for the New York Giants. Soon, the batters were filling the bases. 

1908年10月一个阳光明媚的下午，成千上万的人来到纽约市的马球球场观看纽约巨人队和芝加哥小熊队的比赛。莫迪凯起先不是投手。他看着纽约巨人队选中的先发球员面对击球手。很快，击球手们就满垒了。

Then, Mordecai was asked to be the pitcher. It seemed that the unfavorable condition didn't affect him. He held the ball with his three fingers firmly and let it go. Strike one!Strike two!Strike three!The batter was out. And soon, the game was over. The Cubs beat the Giants, four to two. 

于是，他们请莫迪凯作投手。看来不利的条件并没有影响到他。他用三根手指牢牢地抓住球，然后放手了。击球一个!击球两个!击球三个!击球手出局了。很快，比赛就结束了。小熊队以四比二击败了巨人队。

Mordecai went on to pitch, winning one game after another, and retired after the 1916 season. In 1949, Mordecai Peter entered the National Baseball Hall of Fame in New York, earning him a well-deserved place in baseball history. 

莫迪凯继续打球，赢得了一场又一场比赛，并在1916赛季后退役。1949年，莫迪凯·彼得进入了位于纽约的国家棒球名人堂，在棒球史上赢得了当之无愧的地位。