THE WEEK fully Understands the World
时代周刊使人们充分认识世界

THE WEEK, full of the world's best news and facts, offering science, animals, puzzles, people, apps, photos, books, sports and eating insects, helps young people make sense of the world. 

THE WEEK，充满了世界上最好的新闻和事实，提供科学、动物、谜题、人物、应用程序、照片、书籍、运动和吃昆虫，帮助年轻人理解世界。

Iran Protests Continue To Escalate

伊朗抗议活动继续升级

People in Iran held more large protests against the government on October 30 after being warned not to by authorities. Students who took down partition walls meant to separate men and women in cafeterias were arrested. Protests began in September after the death of Mahsa Amini, who was arrested for showing her hair in public. 

10月30日，伊朗民众在当局警告不要进行抗议后，举行了更大规模的反对政府的抗议活动。拆掉食堂男女隔离墙的学生被逮捕。今年9月，马赫萨·阿米尼(Mahsa Amini)因在公共场合露头发而被捕后，抗议活动开始。

Lalitpur, Nepal Hindu Tihar Festival

拉利特普尔，尼泊尔的印度教节日

People in Nepal marked the second day of the Tihar festival, which is dedicated to worshipping dogs and highlighting their loyalty to humans. The five-day festival is associated with the Hindu God Yama and each day is dedicated to a different animal. At the Sneha Care shelter, which is home to about 170 dogs, people spent the day giving dogs treats and placing orange garlands (花环) around their necks. 

尼泊尔人庆祝Tihar节的第二天，这个节日是为了崇拜狗，强调它们对人类的忠诚。这个为期五天的节日与印度教的阎罗神有关，每天都献给一种不同的动物。在Sneha护理收容所，大约有170只狗狗，人们给狗狗吃东西，并在它们的脖子上戴上橙色的花环。

Singapore Green Tower Opens

新加坡绿塔开幕

A new 919-foot-tall skyscraper containing 80,000 plants has opened in Singapore. The office building is also a “green oasis” for people to visit and explore. On the top floor there is a 4,500-square foot roof top farm, which produces herbs, flowers, fruit, and vegetables for three restaurants in the building. It is estimated that the farm, which visitors can also walk through, grows between 154 and 220 pounds of produce each month.

新加坡一座高919英尺、拥有8万株植物的摩天大楼正式启用。办公大楼也是人们参观探索的“绿洲”。在顶层有一个4500平方英尺的屋顶农场，为大楼里的三家餐厅生产药草、鲜花、水果和蔬菜。据估计，这个农场每个月的产量在154到220磅之间，游客也可以步行参观。

主旨大意：时代周刊涵盖内容广泛，文中提到：伊朗的抗议活动、尼泊尔印度教的提哈尔节以及新加坡高层绿洲塔的动工。

长难句：
1. Students who took down partition walls meant to separate men and women in cafeterias were arrested.
主干是Students were arrested.，Students后是由who引导的定语从句，先行词是students，起修饰限定作用。从句中meant to separate men and women in cafeterias 动词过去分词做后置定语，限定说明partition walls。
2. It is estimated that the farm, which visitors can also walk through, grows between 154 and 220 pounds of produce each month.
主干是It is estimated that...，其中it是形式主语，that后接真正的主语部分，从句中包含由which引导的非限制性定语从句，限定说明先行词farm。


语法点：
1. 非谓语动词：过去分词做后置定语
文中walls meant to separate men and women里面，过去分词短语meant to...为后置定语，修饰walls，由于被修饰词与mean之间存在逻辑上的被动关系，因此用过去分词meant。

重点语言点：
full of 充满、涵盖
make sense of sth 理解、弄懂
be warned (not) to do sth. 被警告（不要）做某事
take down 拆卸、记下
be dedicated to doing sth. 奉献、从事于
loyalty to sb. 忠于
be associated with 与...有关、和...联系在一起
spend time in doing sth. 花费时间做某事
it is estimated that... 据估计...
walk through 走过、穿行