My 41st Birthday Present
我41岁的生日礼物

A few years ago, my husband Matt offered to get me a digital piano for my 41st birthday. Matt knew that I had taken piano lessons as a kid, but stopped doing so in the seventh grade. I was at the age when I would rather go to the mall with friends than play the piano on the weekends. 

几年前，我丈夫马特在我41岁生日时送了我一架数码钢琴。马特知道我小时候学过钢琴，但到了七年级就不学了。在我这个年纪，我宁愿和朋友去商场，也不愿在周末弹钢琴。

I was game for a digital piano, but skeptical--I wasn't sure I was going to play it that often. However, Matt was persistent. He reminded me that I'd mentioned wanting to play the piano again, so he bought me one and set it up in my office. 

我对数码钢琴很感兴趣，但也心存疑虑——我不确定自己会经常弹奏它。然而，马特坚持不懈。他提醒我，我提到过想再弹钢琴，所以他给我买了一架，放在我的办公室里。

To be honest, I had only made half-hearted attempts over the years to take up various hobbies, mostly craft-related ones like knitting (编织) and cross-stitch (十字绣), to relax. But nothing really stuck. 

说实话，这些年来，我只是半心半意地尝试过各种各样的爱好来放松自己，主要是编织和十字绣等与工艺有关的爱好。但什么都没有。

Then, two years ago, I had a baby. The piano became even more of an afterthought as I became consumed by the challenges of parenting. I had enough on my plate, I told myself. There was no point in adding another thing that was probably just going to stress me out. 

然后，两年前，我有了一个孩子。当我被养育孩子的挑战所吞噬时，钢琴成了我事后才想到的事情。我告诉自己，我已经够忙的了。再增加一件可能只会让我感到压力的事情是没有意义的。

But recently, my 2-year-old son had figured out how to turn on the digital piano and loved to bang on the keys. Seeing him play so joyfully, I thought maybe I could take piano lessons and help him to prepare for the music world. 

但最近，我两岁的儿子已经学会了如何打开数码钢琴，他很喜欢敲击琴键。看到他弹得那么开心，我想也许我可以去上钢琴课，帮助他为音乐世界做准备。

I started lessons a couple of weeks later, and it turned out that I could handle 15 minutes a day. 

几周后我开始上课，结果发现我每天能坚持15分钟。

Sometimes, I could handle 40 minutes. I found myself completely immersed in playing the piano. The repetition calmed me. Going over difficult parts in each piece I was learning was incredibly satisfying. To my great surprise, at age 44, I have an actual hobby now, and I really look forward to performing together with my son one day. 

有时候，我能应付40分钟。我发现自己完全沉浸在弹钢琴中。重复的话使我平静下来。复习每一篇文章中困难的部分让我非常满意。让我非常惊讶的是，在我44岁的时候，我现在有了一个真正的爱好，我真的很期待有一天能和我儿子一起表演。

主旨大意：作者收到41岁的生日礼物电子琴后，作者从抵触到重拾弹琴的爱好的过程。

长难句：
1. Matt knew that I had taken piano lessons as a kid, but stopped doing so in the seventh grade.
句子主干为Matt knew...，连接词that后面为宾语从句，从句为并列复合句，but表示转折。
2. He reminded me that I’d mentioned wanting to play the piano again
句子主干为He reminded me，连接词that引导了后面的宾语从句。
3. To be honest, I had only made half-hearted attempts over the years to take up various hobbies, mostly craft-related ones like knitting and cross-stitch, to relax.
该句主干为I had only made half-hearted attempts over the years。其中to take up various hobbies和to relax为不定式作目的状语，而mostly craft-related ones like knitting and cross-stitch 为同位语，补充说明hobbies。
4. There was no point in adding another thing that was probably just going to stress me out.
该句主干为there be句型。There was no point in adding another thing。关系代词that引导定语从句，修饰先行词thing。
5. But recently, my 2-year-old son had figured out how to turn on the digital piano and loved to bang on the keys.
该句主干为由and连接两个陈述句，分别为my 2-year-old son had figured out how to turn on the digital piano和loved to bang on the keys.。figured out后面连接了带连接词的不定式how to turn on the digital piano作为宾语。
6. Seeing him play so joyfully, I thought maybe I could take piano lessons and help him to prepare for the music world.
该句主干为I thought maybe I could take piano lessons and help him to prepare for the music world.。thought后接省略that的宾语从句。Seeing him play so joyfully为现在分词短语作状语，表示原因。
7. Going over difficult parts in each piece I was learning was incredibly satisfying.
该句为主系表结构。句子主干为Going over difficult parts in each piece was incredibly satisfying，其中piece后接省略that的定语从句，修饰piece。


语法点：
1. 限制性定语从句：when
句子I was at the age when I would rather go中有由关系副词when引导的定语从句，when在此相当于at which，在从句中作时间状语，并修饰先行词age。
2. 非谓语动词：动词不定式做状语
文中的to take up various hobbies为动词不定式做状语，表目的，表达未发生或者计划去做的事件，因动词take与逻辑主语I构成主动关系，因此用不定式to take up。
语法点：
3. 非谓语动词：现在分词做状语
Seeing him play so joyfully, I thought maybe I could take piano lessons中开头使用现在分词seeing做状语，表示原因，句中的I是seeing的逻辑主语，因此用现在分词形式。

重点语言点：
would rather do... than do... 宁愿做...而不愿做...
stop doing 停止做某事
set sth. up 设置某物
make attempts 尝试做
stress sb. out 使某人压力过大
there is no point in doing 做某事没有意义
figure out 想到
be immersed in doing 沉浸于做某事
to one’s surprise 让某人感到惊讶
look forward to doing 期待做某事