The Growth of Children Needs Companion
孩子的成长需要陪伴

A new study published in the Journal of Marriage and Family claims that all that time you spend parenting just doesn't matter. But it's a claim that, despite the enthusiastic and widespread coverage by the media, does not hold water. 

发表在《婚姻与家庭杂志》上的一项新研究称，你花在养育孩子上的所有时间都无关紧要。尽管媒体对此进行了热情而广泛的报道，但这种说法却站不住脚。

The research suggests that children's outcomes（including behavior problems, emotional problems, and academic performance）are barely connected with the time that parents spend with their children. The researchers examined the time diaries of 1, 600 children, looking at parenting time and outcomes when the kids were aged 3 to 11 in 1997, and again in 2002 when they were between 8 and 16. A time diary is a detailed report showing you where your time is spent each day. 

研究表明，孩子的结果(包括行为问题、情绪问题和学习成绩)与父母与孩子相处的时间几乎没有关系。研究人员检查了1600个孩子的时间日记，观察了1997年孩子3岁到11岁时父母的时间和结果，以及2002年孩子8岁到16岁时的情况。时间日记是一份详细的报告，告诉你每天你的时间都花在了哪里。

This research largely reflects the failure of the authors to correctly measure parental input（投入）. It just looked at time diaries from two particular days ─one a weekday and the other a weekend day. 

这项研究在很大程度上反映了作者未能正确衡量父母的投入。它只查看了两个特定日子的时间日志──一个是工作日，另一个是周末。

Trying to get a sense of the time you spend parenting from a single day's diary is a bit like trying to measure your income from a single day. If yesterday was payday, you would look rich, but if it's not, you would be reported as poor. You get a clearer picture only by looking at your income-or your parenting time-over a more meaningful period. 

试图从一天的日记中了解你花在养育孩子上的时间，有点像试图衡量你一天的收入。如果昨天是发薪日，你看起来很有钱，但如果不是，你就会被报告为穷人。只有在一段更有意义的时期内观察你的收入或养育子女的时间，你才能更清楚地了解情况。

What you did yesterday should not be taken as a representative of what you did last year. This is why most high-quality studies of parenting time focus on how often parents read to their children, play with them or help them with different approaches to parenting. 

你昨天的所作所为不能代表你去年的所作所为。这就是为什么大多数关于育儿时间的高质量研究都集中在父母给孩子读书的频率，和他们一起玩的频率，或者用不同的育儿方法帮助他们的频率。

As an exhausted parent who doesn't get enough time to work out, and who hasn't seen a movie for months, I understand why so many of us might seize on studies suggesting that we should take more time for ourselves. Perhaps we should. But I agree with Ariel Kalil, a developmental psychologist, on the suggestion that "when parents spend high-quality time with their children, their children are more likely to succeed". 

作为一个没有足够时间锻炼身体、几个月没看电影的疲惫不堪的父母，我理解为什么我们中的许多人会抓住研究的建议，认为我们应该花更多的时间给自己。也许我们应该这么做。但我同意发展心理学家阿里尔•卡利尔(Ariel Kalil)的观点，即“当父母花高质量的时间与孩子在一起时，他们的孩子更有可能成功”。

主旨大意：一项研究表明，父母陪伴孩子的时间长短与孩子的成长关系不大。作者在本文中对这一研究结果提出了不同的意见。



长难句：
1. The research suggests that children's outcomes(including behavior problems,
emotional problems, and academic performance)are barely connected with the time that parents spend with their children.
The research suggests that...由that引导完整的宾语从句，点出suggest后面的内容，including为现在分词作后置定语， time后由that引导限制性定语从句，修饰先行词time。
2. The researchers examined the time diaries of 1, 600 children, looking at
parenting time and outcomes when the kids were aged 3 to 11 in 1997, and again in 2002, when they were between 8 and 16.
主句为The researchers examined the time diaries of 1, 600 children，分句 looking at parenting time and outcomes when..., when they were between 8 and 16. 因逻辑主语researchers 与 look at 为主动关系，故以现在分词looking at ...作目的状语，其中嵌套了两个用and 连接的when引导的时间状语从句。

3. As an exhausted parent who doesn't get enough time to work out, and who hasn't seen a movie for months, I understand why so many of us might seize on studies suggesting that we should take more time for ourselves.

主句I understand why so many of us ... suggesting that we should take more time for ourselves. 是由why 引导的宾语从句，非谓语suggesting作studies的后置定语，that引导同位语从句对suggest的内容进行补充说明；分句As an exhausted parent who doesn't ... 为as 引导的方式状语从句，其中包含由and连接的、who引导的定语从句。
4. But I agree with Ariel Kalil, a developmental psychologist, on the suggestion that "when parents spend high-quality time with their children, their children are more likely to succeed".
该句中，a developmental psychologist做插入语修饰 Ariel Kalil，on the suggestion that ... 是由that引导的同位语从句，对suggestion进一步解释，同位语从句中还嵌套了一个由when引导的时间状语从句。



语法点：
1. 非谓语动词：过去分词作后置定语
在A new study published in the Journal of Marriage and Family claims that all that time you spend parenting just doesn't matter. 中，publish与逻辑主语study构成被动关系，故采用过去分词published做后置定语修饰study。
2. 同位语从句：
在But it's a claim that, despite the enthusiastic and widespread coverage by the media, does not hold water.中，claim作为名字，后面的that从句中结构完整，主干为祈使句，根据句意，是对claim的补充说明和解读，因此为同位语从句。

3. 非谓语动词：现在分词作后置定语

在A time diary is a detailed report showing you where your time is spent each day.中，逻辑主语report与show为主动关系，故采用现在分词形式作后置定语。

4. 虚拟语气：

在If yesterday was payday, you would look rich, but if it's not, you would be reported as the poor. 中，采用虚拟语气，表示与现在事实相反，if引导的从句用动词过去式，如 if yesterday was payday，主句 ：would +动词原形，如文中would be。
5. 非谓语动词：动名词
在Trying to get a sense of the time you spend parenting from a single day's diary is a bit like trying to measure your income from a single day. 中，非谓语动词“trying +不定式“ 起名词作用，在句中做主语，后面的谓语形式根据动名词数量，本句中因为只有一个动名词，因此用is。

6. 名词性从句：主语从句

文中What you did yesterday should not be taken as a representative of what you did last year. 是由连接代词what引导的主语从句。
7. 表语从句：
文中This is why most high-quality studies of parenting time focus on how often ...是由系动词is连接的的表语从句，从句中结构完整，且表原因，因此用连接词why。



重点语言点：
hold water 站得住脚，符合逻辑
look at 查看
be connected with 与……相连
be taken as 被视为
help sb. with sth. 帮助某人某事