The Spread of the News
消息的传播

Bad news sells. If it bleeds, it leads. No news is good news, and good news is no news. Those are the classic rules for the evening broadcasts and the morning papers. But now that information is being spread and monitored (监控) in different ways, researchers are discovering new rules. By tracking people's e-mails and online posts, scientists have found that good news can spread faster and farther than disasters and sob stories. 

坏消息会很快传播开来。只要够劲爆，就能上头条。“无事发生”就是好消息，好消息却不能算作好新闻。这些都是晚间广播和早报的经典规则。但现在，信息正以不同的方式传播和监控，研究人员正在发现新的法则。通过跟踪人们的电子邮件和网上帖子，科学家们发现，好消息比灾难和悲伤的新闻传播得更快、更远。

“The ‘if it bleeds’ rule works for mass media,” says Jonah Berger, a scholar at the University of Pennsylvania.  “They want your eyeballs and don't care how you're feeling.  But when you share a story with your friends, you care a lot more how they react.  You don't want them to think of you as a Debbie Downer. ”

宾夕法尼亚大学的学者乔纳•伯杰表示:“‘只要够劲爆’原则适用于大众媒体。”“他们只想夺人眼球，而不顾人们的感受。但当人们和朋友分享一个故事时，他们会非常关心对方的反应。人们不想让别人把自己当作黛比·唐纳。”

Researchers analyzing word-of-mouth communication — e-mails, Web posts and reviews, face-to-face conversations — found that it tended to be more positive than negative (消极的), but that didn't necessarily mean people preferred positive news. Was positive news shared more often simply because people experienced more good things than bad things?To test for that possibility, Dr. Berger looked at how people spread a particular set of news stories: thousands of articles on The New York Times’ website. He and a Penn colleague analyzed the “most e-mailed” list for six months. One of his first findings was that articles in the science section were much more likely to make the list than non-science articles. He found that science amazed Times’ readers and made them want to share this positive feeling with others. 

研究人员分析了口头传播——电子邮件、网络帖子和评论、面对面交谈——发现它往往比消极的更积极，但这并不一定意味着人们更喜欢积极的新闻。积极的消息更常被分享，仅仅是因为人们经历的好事比坏事多吗?为了测试这种可能性，伯杰研究了人们如何传播一组特定的新闻故事:《纽约时报》网站上的数千篇文章。他和宾夕法尼亚大学的一位同事分析了六个月来“邮件发送最多”的名单。他最初的发现之一是，科学版块的文章比非科学版块的文章更有可能上榜。他发现，科学让《纽约时报》的读者感到惊讶，并让他们想要与他人分享这种积极的感觉。

Readers also tended to share articles that were exciting or funny, or that inspired negative feelings like anger or anxiety, but not articles that left them merely sad. They needed to be aroused (激发) one way or the other, and they preferred good news to bad. The more positive an article, the more likely it was to be shared, as Dr. Berger explains in his new book, “Contagious: Why Things Catch On. ”

读者也倾向于分享那些令人兴奋或有趣的文章，或者那些激发了愤怒或焦虑等负面情绪的文章，而非那些仅仅让他们悲伤的文章。不管怎样，他们都需要被唤醒，而且他们更喜欢好消息而不是坏消息。一篇文章越积极，就越有可能被分享。伯杰在他的新书《传染性:为什么事情会流行》中解释道。


主旨大意：由晚播和早报的规则引出消息传播的变化：好消息比坏消息传播速度更快。经过研究表明，人们更倾向于有趣的文章，而非悲伤的 内容。

长难句：
1.By tracking people's e-mails and online posts,scientists have found that good news can spread faster and farther than disasters and sob stories
句子主干为scientists have found that good news can.… ,前 面by引导了方式状语，have   found后接由that 引导的宾语从句。
2.Researchers  analyzing  word-of-mouth  communication  —e-mails,Web  posts  and  reviews,face-to-face  conversations—found that it tended to be more positive than negative,but that didn't necessarily mean people preferred positive news.
主句是Researchers  found,从句是由that 引导的宾语从句that  it tended to  be  more  positive than  negative,but that didn't  necessarily mean people preferred positive news.。主句后由现在分词作后置定语，修饰限定：分析的对象。
3.Readers also tended to share articles that were exciting or funny,or that inspired negative feelings like anger or anxiety,but not articles that left them merely sad.
主句是Readers also tended to share articles,从句是由that 引导3个并列的定语从句that were  exciting  or funny,or that  inspired negative feelings like anger or anxiety,but not articles that left them merely sad.并列的定语从句之间用or,but    not 进行连接。


重点语言点：
now that既然，由于
mass media大众媒体
share sth with sb和某人分享某物
think sb as sb把某人当作某人
word-of-mouth communication=verbal communication口头交流
face-to-face conversations面对面交谈
a set of一组
tend to do sth倾向于做某事
the more,the more越……,就越….