The Disappearance of Coral Reefs
珊瑚礁的消失

Corals are often described as undersea forests, but they are declining far more quickly than the Amazon. The coral reefs( 珊 瑚 礁 )are likely to be among the first ecosystems to be wiped out by climate change. 

珊瑚通常被描述为海底森林，但它们的衰退速度远远快于亚马逊雨林。珊瑚礁很可能是最先被气候变化摧毁的生态系统之一。

A temperature rise of just 1 to 2℃ can lead to the death of the algae( 海 藻 ) upon which corals depend, draining them of color and making the structure more fragile. These bleaching( 褪 色 的 ) events can be temporary if the waters cool, but the more frequent they are and the longer they last, the greater the risk of damage is. 

温度上升1到2摄氏度就会导致珊瑚赖以生存的藻类死亡，使它们失去颜色，使结构更加脆弱。如果海水冷却，这些白化事件可能是暂时的，但白化发生得越频繁，持续的时间越长，造成损害的风险就越大。

But that's exactly what is happening. Bleaching was first observed in 1983. It was seen on a global level in 1998, then 2010, and then from 2015 to 2017. Most available scientific evidence tells us that unless we do something to limit warming to 1. 5℃, we will lose 99% of the world's coral reefs in the coming decades. 

但这正是正在发生的事情。1983年首次观察到白化现象。1998年、2010年、2015年至2017年，全球范围内都出现了这种情况。大多数现有的科学证据告诉我们，除非我们采取措施将升温限制在1摄氏度以内。

But there are other threats beyond warming. Off the Philippine island of Palawan, its old reefs have been badly damaged by dirty water from the tourist holiday center, pollution from boats, and overfishing. The area ought to be a shelter because it's one of the ocean regions most tolerant of climate change. Even here, we are losing our corals, said David Obura, chair of the Global Specialist Group in the International Union for the Conservation of Nature.  "We need to reduce stress from overfishing, coastal development, pollution, and tourism. "

但除了气候变暖之外，还有其他威胁。在菲律宾巴拉望岛附近，由于旅游度假中心的脏水、船只的污染和过度捕捞，古老的珊瑚礁遭到了严重破坏。这个地区应该是一个避难所，因为它是最能容忍气候变化的海洋地区之一。“即使在这里，我们也在失去珊瑚，”国际自然保护联盟全球专家组主席大卫·奥布拉说。“我们需要减少过度捕捞、沿海开发、污染和旅游业带来的压力。”

"I am a generation of scientists watching them disappear.  It is very depressing. " Obura said.  "Above 1. 5℃, in about 50 years, they will be a treasure of historic movies and pictures, but very little to see in real life.  Children born today may be the last generation to see coral reefs in all their glory. "

“我是看着它们消失的一代科学家。这非常令人沮丧。”奥布拉说。“超过1. 5℃，大约50年后，它们将成为历史电影和图片的瑰宝，但在现实生活中很少看到。今天出生的孩子可能是最后一代看到珊瑚礁辉煌的人。”