Traditional Classroom Shouldn't Become Permanently Remote
我们不能永远远程学习

In the coming era of budget cuts to education, distance learning could become a common thing. 

在即将到来的教育预算削减时代，远程学习可能会成为一件普遍的事情。

The appeal to those in charge of education budgets to trade teachers for technology is so strong that they tend to ignore the disadvantages of distance learning. School facilities are expensive to build and maintain, and teachers are expensive to employ. It's true that online classes do not require buildings and each class can host hundreds of people, which can result in greater savings, but moving away from a traditional classroom in which a living, breathing human being teaches and interacts with students daily would be a disaster. 

那些负责教育预算的人对用教师换技术的诉求是如此强烈，以至于他们往往忽视了远程教育的弊端。学校设施的建造和维护都很昂贵，教师的雇佣也很昂贵。诚然，在线课程不需要教学楼，而且每个班级可以容纳数百人，这可以节省更多的费用。但是如果离开传统的教学课堂，师生之间没有了面对面的教学和互动，那将会是一场灾难。

Physically attending school has hidden benefits: getting up every morning, interacting with peers, and building relationships with teachers are important skills to cultivate in young people. Moreover, schools are more than simple places of traditional learning. They are also places that provide meals, places where students receive mental help and other support. 

亲自去上学有潜在的好处:每天早上起床,与同龄人互动，与老师建立关系是培养年轻人的重要技能。此外，学校不仅仅是简单的传统学习场所。他们也是提供膳食的地方，学生接受心理帮助和其他支持的地方。

Those policy-makers are often fascinated by the latest technology in education and its potential to transform education overnight. But online education does not allow a teacher to keep a struggling student after class and offer help. Educational videos may deliver academic content, but they are unable to make eye contact or assess a student's level of engagement. Distance education will never match the personal teaching in a traditional classroom. In their first 18 years of life, American children spend only 9% of their time in school. Yet teachers are expected to prepare them to be responsible citizens, cultivate their social skills, encourage successful time management, and enhance their capacity to compete in a competitive job market. Given these expectations, schools should not become permanently “remote”. 

这些政策制定者往往对最新的教育技术及其一夜之间改变教育的潜力着迷。但在线教育不允许老师在课后留住一个学习困难的学生，并提供帮助。教育视频可以传递学术内容，但它们无法进行眼神交流或评估学生的参与程度。远程教育永远比不上传统课堂上的个人教学。在美国孩子生命的前18年里，他们只有9%的时间在学校度过。然而，教师被期望把他们培养成负责任的公民，培养他们的社交技能，鼓励他们成功地管理时间，并提高他们在竞争激烈的就业市场上竞争的能力。考虑到这些期望，学生不应该永远远程上学。

The power of the classroom is rooted in the qualities of the people gathered in the same place, at the same time, including their nature, empathy, devotion and so on. Technology, no matter how advanced, should simply be a tool of a good teacher. 

课堂的力量根植于聚集在同一地点、同一时间的人们的品质，包括他们的天性、共情、奉献等等。技术，无论多么先进，应该只是一个好老师的工具。

主旨大意：远程学习变得越来越普遍，但人们往往忽略了它的弊端。线下上学有很多潜在的好处，且永远比线上课堂更加有优势。所以技术无论多么先进，都只是好老师的工具，传统课堂学习无法被取代。



长难句：
1.The appeal to those in charge of education budgets to trade teachers for technology is so strong that they tend to ignore the disadvantages of distance learning.
句子主干是The appeal to those to trade teachers for technology is so strong，in charge of education 是介词短语做those的后置定语。that引导了结果状语从句，与前面的so连用，构成so... that的结构，表示如此...以至于...。
2.It's true that online classes do not require buildings and each class can host hundreds of people, which can result in greater savings, but moving away from a traditional classroom in which a living, breathing human being teaches and interacts with students daily would be a disaster.
这句话是由but这个并列连词连接了两个主句。第一个句子It's true that..., which...中，句子主干是It's true，这里的it是形式主语，而真正的主语是that引导的名词性从句；which引导了非限制性定语从句。第二个句子moving away from a traditional classroom in which... would be a disaster中，句子主干是moving away from a traditional classroom would be a disaster，这里是非谓语动词的现在分词结构作主语，in which引导了定语从句，修饰前面的先行词classroom。

3.They are also places that provide meals, places where students receive mental help and other support.
句子主干是They are also places..., places...,逗号连接了两个并列的短语。第一个places后面的that引导了限制性定语从句;第二个places后面where引导了限制性定语从句。

4.Given these expectations, schools should not become permanently “remote”.
句子主干是schools should not become permanently "remote"。Given these expectations是介词短语做条件状语，表示考虑到这些期待。

5.The power of the classroom is rooted in the qualities of the people gathered in the same place, at the same time, including their nature, empathy, devotion and so on.
句子主干是The power of the classrooms is rooted in the qualities of the people. gathered in the same place, at the same time是非谓语动词的过去分词形式做后置定语，因为是gather the people，所以用过去分词表被动。including...是介词短语作状语。
6. Technology, no matter how advanced, should simply be a tool of a good teacher.
句子主干是Technology should simply be a tool of a good teacher. no matter how advanced是插入语，由两个逗号隔开。



语法点：
1. 动词不定式结构主动表被动的条件：不定式跟在形容词后面做状语；不定式的动词与主语构成动宾关系
School facilities are expensive to build and maintain, and teachers are expensive to employ.这句话中有两个adj.+ to do主动表被动的结构。第一句话里to build and maintain跟在形容词expensive后面，且build and maintain school facilities构成动宾关系；第二句话中to employ跟在形容词expensive后面，且employ teachers构成动宾关系。



重点语言点：
distance learning 远程学习
a common thing 一件普遍的事情

appeal to sb. to do sth.呼吁某人做某事
in charge of sth. 负责某事
so adj./ adv. that... 如此。。。。。。以至于。。。。。。
trade A for B 用A来替换B
result in 导致
interact with sb. 与某人互动

build relationships with sb. 和某人建立联系
more than 不只是

the potential to do sth. 做某事的潜能
allow sb. to do sth. 允许某人做某事
prepare sb. to do sth.准备某人做某事
given sth.考虑到某事

be rooted in 根植于