A Story of Changing Apartment
一个换公寓的故事

Like most couples, my husband and I dreamed of becoming homeowners. Sure, apartment living comes with its own set of advantages—less housework, shared comfort, less to clean up and care for, and usually cheaper rent. As a result, we decided to downgrade from our neat five-bedroom, 2,700-square-foot house on the water to a three-bedroom, 1,369-square-foot apartment, with two kids. 

像大多数夫妇一样，我和丈夫梦想成为房主。当然，公寓生活有它自己的优点——少做家务，共享舒适，少打扫和照顾，通常租金更便宜。因此，我们决定从整洁的五卧室2700平方英尺的水边房子，搬到一套三卧室1369平方英尺的公寓，带着两个孩子。

Once we arrived in our new apartment, we were surprised to find that things flowed relatively smoothly. There was so much less to keep up with—fewer floors to mop, fewer windows to clean, fewer walls to wipe, etc. Now I think of our home as our little playhouse, since it's much smaller and everything is closer together. That also makes it so much easier for me to keep up as a mom. I collect laundry all on one floor compared with having to climb stairs to the house's second floor!

一到新公寓，我们惊奇地发现一切都相当顺利。要做的事情少多了——要拖地的地板少了，要擦的窗户少了，要擦的墙壁少了，等等。现在我把我们的家看作是我们的小游戏室，因为它小得多，而且所有东西都靠得更近。这也让我更容易跟上妈妈的步伐。我在一层收集衣服，而不是爬楼梯到房子的第二层!

In our new home, we use lots of shoe organizers inside of every closet door for more than just shoes—baby items, office items, and medicines. We also have a functional room that serves as an office and gym. Since both my husband and I work from home, we require at least one room to share as an office with fitness equipment fitted into a corner. 

在我们的新家，我们在每个衣柜门里都放了很多鞋子收纳器，不仅仅是放鞋子，还有婴儿用品、办公用品和药品。我们还有一间功能室，可以用作办公室和健身房。由于我丈夫和我丈夫都在家工作，我们需要至少共用一个房间作为办公室，并在角落安装健身设备。

While many people choose to downsize for financial reasons, that actually wasn't a factor in our decision. We wanted to be in a lively area with like-minded young families. That was our first priority. Though we may still buy another house in this area at some point down the line, for now, we're thrilled with the concept of renting an apartment. Let me put it this way: We're not really the "handy" types, so being able to call maintenance（维修）for any repairs is worth every cent coin!

虽然很多人因为经济原因选择裁员，但这实际上并不是我们决定裁员的一个因素。我们想住在一个充满活力的地区，那里有志同道合的年轻家庭。这是我们的首要任务。虽然我们可能会在未来的某个时候在这个地区再买一套房子，但就目前而言，我们对租一套公寓的概念感到兴奋。让我这么说吧:我们不是那种“手巧”的人，所以能够打电话给维修人员进行任何维修都是值得的!

主旨大意：文章主人公表示：自己和丈夫都想成为房主，并列举了公寓的诸多好处，决定搬家。在看完新公寓后，主人公表示：搬家并非受到裁员的影响，而是自己想和具有相同想法的年轻家庭生活在一起。



长难句：
1. Once we arrived in our new apartment, we were surprised to find that things flowed relatively smoothly.
主句是we were surprised to find...，find后由that引导的宾语从句 that things flowed relatively smoothly，once引导时间状语从句Once we arrived in our new apartment。
2. I collect laundry all on one floor comparing with having to climb stairs to the house's second floor!
句子主干是 I collect laundry all on one floor，comparing 非谓语动词做伴随状语comparing with having to climb stairs to the house's second floor与前半句形成对比，强调主人公可以在一楼收衣服。
3. Since both my husband and I work from home, we require at least one room to share as an office with fitness equipment fitted into a corner.
句子主干是we require at least one room to share as an office with fitness equipment，fitted 是过去分词做定语，限定equipment放置的位置，从句是由since引导的原因状语从句Since both my husband and I work from home。
4. While many people choose to downsize for financial reasons, that actually wasn't a factor in our decision.
主句是that actually wasn't a factor in our decision，从句是由while引导的让步状语从句While many people choose to downsize for financial reasons。



语法点：
1. 定语从句：由that引导的限制性定语从句
We also have a functional room that serves as an office and gym.中that引导的定语从句修饰限定前文的functional room。



重点语言点：
come with 附带、随附
set of advantages 一系列优点
as a result 因此
downgrade from sth. to sth. 从…降级为…
arrive in +小地点 到达
keep up with 跟上、赶得上
make it + 比较级 + for sb. to do sth 使某人做某事更……
compare with 与……比较
serve as 充当
work from home 居家办公
at least/most 至少/多
share with 分享
like-minded families 志同道合的家庭
for now 目前
let me put it this way 换言之
down the line 沿着街道