The Study Road of Jennifer
詹妮弗的求学之路

Jenifer Mauer has needed more willpower than the typical college student to pursue her goal of earning a nursing degree. That willpower bore fruit when Jennifer graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire and became the first in her large family to earn a bachelor's degree. 

为了实现获得护理学位的目标，詹妮弗·莫尔(jennifer Mauer)比普通大学生需要更多的意志力。当詹妮弗从威斯康辛大学欧克莱尔分校毕业，成为她大家庭中第一个获得学士学位的人时，这种意志力结出了果实。

Mauer, of Edgar, Wisconsin, grew up on a farm in a family of 10 children. Her dad worked at a job away from the farm, and her mother ran the farm with the kids. After high school, Jennifer attended a local technical college, working to pay her tuition(学费), because there was no extra money set aside for a college education. After graduation, she worked to help her sisters and brothers pay for their schooling. 

毛尔来自威斯康辛州埃德加，在一个有10个孩子的农场长大。她爸爸在农场以外的地方打工，妈妈和孩子们一起经营农场。高中毕业后，詹妮弗进入了当地的一所技术学院，打工支付学费，因为家里没有多余的钱供她上大学。毕业后，她打工帮助兄弟姐妹支付学费。

Jennifer now is married and has three children of her own. She decided to go back to college to advance her career and to be able to better support her family while doing something she loves nursing. She chose the UW-Eau Claire program at Ministry Saint Joseph's Hospital in Marshfield because she was able to pursue her four-year degree close to home. She could drive to class and be home in the evening to help with her kids. Jenifer received great support from her family as she worked to earn her degree: Her husband worked two jobs to cover the bills, and her 68-year-old mother helped take care of the children at times. 

珍妮弗现在结婚了，有了三个孩子。她决定回到大学继续她的事业，并能够更好地支持她的家庭，同时做她喜欢的护理工作。她选择了马什菲尔德圣约瑟夫医院的威斯康星大学欧克莱尔项目，因为她能够在离家近的地方攻读她的四年制学位。她可以开车去上课，晚上回家照顾孩子。詹妮弗在努力攻读学位的过程中得到了家人的大力支持:她的丈夫打两份工来支付账单，她68岁的母亲有时会帮忙照顾孩子。

Through it all, she remained in good academic standing and graduated with honors. Jenifer sacrificed(牺牲)to achieve her goal, giving up many nights with her kids and missing important events to study. Some nights my heart was breaking to have to pick between my kids and studying for exams or papers, she says. However, her children have learned an important lesson from witnessing their mother earn her degree. Jennifer is a first-generation graduate and an inspiration to her family and that's pretty powerful. 

尽管经历了这一切，她仍然保持着良好的学习成绩，并以优异的成绩毕业。Jenifer为了实现自己的目标做出了牺牲，她放弃了很多个陪伴孩子的夜晚，为了学习而错过了重要的活动。她说:“有些夜晚，我不得不在孩子和为考试或论文学习之间做出选择，我的心都碎了。”然而，她的孩子们从目睹母亲获得学位中学到了重要的一课。詹妮弗是第一代毕业生，对她的家庭来说是一个鼓舞，这是非常强大的。