A Story of Library
有关图书馆的故事

I have a special place in my heart for libraries. I have for as long as I can remember. I was always an enthusiastic reader, sometimes reading up to three books a day as a child. Stories were like air to me and while other kids played ball or went to parties, I lived out adventures through the books I checked out from the library. 

图书馆在我心中占有特殊的地位。从我记事起就有了。我一直是一个狂热的读者，小时候有时一天读三本书。故事对我来说就像空气一样，当其他孩子在打球或参加聚会时，我就通过从图书馆借来的书来体验冒险。

My first job was working at the Ukiah Library when I was 16 years old. It was a dream job and I did everything from shelving books to reading to the children for story time. 

我的第一份工作是在Ukiah图书馆工作，当时我16岁。这是一份梦寐以求的工作，从摆放书籍到给孩子们讲故事，我都要做。

As I grew older and became a mother, the library took on a new place and added meaning to my life. I had several children and books were our main source（来源） of entertainment. It was a big deal for us to load up and go to the local library, where my kids could pick out books to read or books they wanted me to read to them. 

当我长大了，当了母亲，图书馆有了一个新的地方，给我的生活增添了意义。我有几个孩子，书是我们主要的娱乐来源。对我们来说，去当地的图书馆是件大事，我的孩子可以在那里挑选他们想读的书，或者他们想让我读给他们听的书。

I always read, using different voices, as though I were acting out the stories with my voice and they loved it!It was a special time to bond with my children and it filled them with the wonderment of books. 

我总是用不同的声音朗读，就好像我在用我的声音把故事表演出来，他们很喜欢!这是我与孩子们建立联系的特殊时刻，让他们充满了书籍的奇妙。

Now, I see my children taking their children to the library and I love that the excitement of going to the library lives on from generation to generation. 

现在，我看到我的孩子带着他们的孩子去图书馆，我喜欢这种去图书馆的兴奋感代代相传。

As a novelist, I've found a new relationship with libraries. I encourage readers to go to their local library when they can't afford to purchase a book. I see libraries as a safe haven（避风港） for readers and writers, a bridge that helps put together a reader with a book. Libraries, in their own way, help fight book piracy（盗版行为） and I think all writers should support libraries in a significant way when they can. Encourage readers to use the library. Share library announcements on your social media. Frequent them and talk about them when you can. 

作为一名小说家，我与图书馆建立了一种新的关系。我鼓励读者在买不起书的时候去当地的图书馆。我认为图书馆是读者和作家的避风港，是把读者和书联系在一起的桥梁。图书馆以自己的方式帮助打击盗版，我认为所有作家都应该在力所能及的情况下大力支持图书馆。鼓励读者使用图书馆。在你的社交媒体上分享图书馆的公告。经常这样做，并在你可以的时候谈论它们。