Improvement of Aging
老龄化的改善

We often hear that 60 is the new 50. Just check out images of your grandparents or great-grandparents and notice their stooped （驼背的） bodies, and their wrinkled faces when they were barely pushing 60. What a contrast with the energetic, gym-going sexagenarians (60几岁的人） of today!

我们经常听说60岁是新的50岁。只要看看你的祖父母或曾祖父母的照片，就会注意到他们在年近60时弯腰驼背的身体和布满皱纹的脸。这与今天精力充沛、去健身房锻炼的60几岁的老人形成了多么鲜明的对比啊！

Research, overseen by gerontologist Taina Rantanen, compared adults born in 1910 and 1914 with those born roughly 30 years later. Both birth groups were examined in person at age 60 and again at 70 with the same set of six physical tests and five measures of cognition. 

这项研究由老年学家泰纳·兰特南(Taina Rantanen)主持，将1910年和1914年出生的成年人与大约30年后出生的成年人进行了比较。两组出生的人都在60岁和70岁时接受了亲自检查，包括同样的六项身体测试和五项认知测试。

According to the research, the later-born group could walk faster, have a stronger hand grasp, and could use more force with their lower legs. On cognitive tests, the later-born group had better verbal fluency and scored higher on a test matching numbers to symbols. But not everything changed across the generations: measures of lung function were surprisingly not changing, and there was no improvement in the short-term memory task of recalling a series of digits. 

根据这项研究，出生晚的人走得更快，手抓力更强，小腿的力量更大。在认知测试中，晚出生的那一组有更好的语言流畅性，在数字和符号匹配的测试中得分更高。但并不是所有的东西都在几代人之间发生了变化:肺功能的测量结果令人惊讶地没有变化，在回忆一系列数字的短期记忆任务中也没有任何改善。

There are many reasons why people are aging better, including improved medical care and a drop in smoking, but the key factor shown in the study of physical function was that the later-born adults were more physically active and had bigger bodies, which suggests better nutrition. For brain function, the key seems to be more years of education. 

人们更好地衰老有很多原因，包括医疗保健的改善和吸烟的减少，但身体功能研究显示的关键因素是，晚出生的成年人身体更活跃，身体更大，这意味着更好的营养。对于大脑功能来说，关键似乎是更多年的教育。

Education is a powerful influence on aging and health, says Luigi Ferrucci, scientific director of the U. S.  National Institute on Aging: "With more education, you are probably going to have a larger income, which means you are more likely to go to the doctor and have good nutrition. "He also points out that the average life span is seven years shorter in a poor state such as Mississippi than in a wealthier one such as California. Here we still have lots of people who cannot take the drugs they need because they cannot pay for them, he says. In short, 60 may be the new 50 for many of us but not for all. 

美国国家老龄化研究所的科学主任路易吉·费鲁奇(Luigi Ferrucci)说，教育对老龄化和健康有着强大的影响:“受教育程度越高，你的收入可能就越高，这意味着你更有可能去看医生，营养也更好。”他还指出，在像密西西比这样贫穷的州，人的平均寿命要比加利福尼亚这样富裕的州短7年。他说:“在这里，我们仍然有很多人无法服用他们需要的药物，因为他们付不起钱。”简而言之，对我们中的许多人来说，60岁可能是新的50岁，但并非所有人都是如此。