A Meaningful Camping
一次有意义的露营

The news that all teachers were expected to attend camp with their students left me feeling unsettled. For the first time in more than 20 years, I would need to spend three days in the early autumn bush with 120 14-year-olds. 

所有老师都要和学生一起参加夏令营的消息让我感到不安。20多年来，我第一次需要和120名14岁的孩子在初秋的灌木丛中待上三天。

I love spending time with teenagers. But I teach Grade 12 English and am 51 years old. There is a difference between a literary seminar on King Lear, no matter how lively it may be, and a late-night party in a campground. Besides, my idea of "outdoors" is biking on the Ottawa bike paths or sitting in the backyard with a cup of tea and a good book. 

我喜欢和青少年在一起。但是我教12年级的英语，我51岁了。关于《李尔王》的文学研讨会，无论多么热闹，与露营地的深夜派对是有区别的。此外，我心目中的“户外”是在渥太华的自行车道上骑自行车，或者坐在后院喝杯茶，看本好书。

Eventually, we turn down a long dirt track that dives deep into a forest. I read the schedule and note the impressive minute-by-minute detail for the next 72 hours. I've never faced such a structured（高度组织化的） time since, well, when I went to camp in Grade 9. I think of home. 

最后，我们沿着一条长长的土路进入森林深处。我看了日程表，记下了接下来72小时里令人印象深刻的每一分钟的细节。自从我在九年级参加夏令营以来，我从来没有经历过如此有组织的时间。我想家。

The next morning, I arise early. It is 7 a. m. Time for the polar bear dip. Everyone asks if I am going to swim. I respond with lame excuses and then wander, like a Grade 8 boy at the edges of a middle-school dance. Kids charge in, great plumes（股流） of water rising up around them as they shout with joy. My colleagues link arms, count down and run into the water bravely. Toweling off, the swimmers discuss the water temperature. The regret that I knew I would feel started to kill me. I will now forever be the guy who did not take part in the polar bear dip. I walk slowly up to the dining hall and decide that from that moment on I will commit fully to camp life. My unwillingness to do anything is replaced with a burning desire to do everything. 

第二天早上，我起得很早。它是7a。m。该去泡北极熊了。每个人都问我是否要去游泳。我用蹩脚的借口回应，然后徘徊，就像一个站在中学舞会边缘的八年级男孩。孩子们冲了进来，他们高兴地叫喊着，周围的水像羽毛一样升起来。我的同事们手挽着手，倒数计时，勇敢地跳入水中。游泳者擦干毛巾，讨论水温。我知道我一定会感到后悔，这种感觉开始折磨我。我将永远是那个没有参加北极熊潜水的人。我慢慢地走向食堂，决定从那一刻起，我要全身心地投入到营地生活中去。我不愿做任何事，取而代之的是一种想做任何事的强烈愿望。

At 7 a. m.  the next morning, I am the first person on the beach in my bathing suit. I dive into the water. I scream about how good it feels. Toweling off afterward, I talk to anyone within earshot about the temperature of the water. 

第二天早上7点，我是第一个穿着泳衣来到海滩上的人。我潜入水中。我尖叫着说那感觉有多好。洗完澡后，我用毛巾擦身，然后和周围任何人谈论水温。

Later that day, the camp winds down. Something has happened in this camp. To the students, for sure, but also to me. When the last camper leaves, I give the camp director a big hug. 

当天晚些时候，营地渐渐安静下来。这个营地发生了一些事情。对学生们，当然，也对我自己。当最后一个露营者离开时，我给了营地主任一个大大的拥抱。