Save the Species
拯救物种

Wild life has been greatly threatened in the modern age. There are species(物种)that are disappearing every day. The white-naped crane is a typical example. So scientists are trying their best to save the species from going out of existence. 

野生动物在现代受到了极大的威胁。每天都有物种在消失。白枕鹤就是一个典型的例子。因此，科学家们正在尽最大努力拯救这个物种，使其免于灭绝。

Chris and Tim work at a zoo, helping endangered cranes with their reproduction. Emma, a female crane, has been in their care since she arrived in 2004. 

克里斯和蒂姆在动物园工作，帮助濒危的鹤繁殖。艾玛是一只雌性鹤，自2004年来到这里以来，一直由他们照顾。

Born at an international crane foundation, Emma was raised by human caretakers. This led to an unexpected consequence, though she had a wonderful time there. Emma had never taken herself as a crane and became deeply attached to humans. She refused to live with male cranes, and even had a reputation for killing some of them, which made it impossible for her to become a mother. 

艾玛出生在一家国际鹤类基金会，由人类看护人抚养长大。这导致了一个意想不到的结果，尽管她在那里过得很愉快。艾玛从来没有把自己当成一只鹤，而是深深地依恋着人类。她拒绝与雄性鹤生活在一起，甚至有杀死一些雄性鹤的名声，这使得她不可能成为一个母亲。

However, the two zookeepers didn’t want to see the extinction(灭绝)of this precious species. With their patience and efforts, they successfully developed a combination of artificial breeding(人工繁殖)and natural reproduction. This enabled Emma to give birth to five baby cranes. 

然而，这两位动物园管理员不想看到这种珍贵物种的灭绝。在他们的耐心和努力下，他们成功地把人工繁殖和自然繁殖结合起来。这使得艾玛生下了五只小鹤。

The two keepers are proud of their productive work. But before they can be assured, more efforts must be made, because the population of the crane in the wild is on the decline, and many other species appear headed toward extinction. After all, not everyone has realized that wildlife has thoughts, feelings, and most importantly, equal rights to survive. 

这两个饲养员对他们卓有成效的工作感到自豪。但在它们得到保证之前，必须做出更多的努力，因为野生鹤的数量正在下降，许多其他物种似乎正走向灭绝。毕竟，并不是每个人都意识到野生动物有思想、感情，最重要的是，它们有平等的生存权利。

How can we bridge the ever-widening gap that separates us from other animals?Chris and Tim offered us the answer: human beings took it for granted that their brains held all the solutions, but maybe their hearts can be a better guide. 

我们怎样才能弥合我们与其他动物之间日益扩大的鸿沟呢?克里斯和蒂姆为我们提供了答案:人类理所当然地认为他们的大脑掌握着所有的解决方案，但也许他们的心可以成为更好的向导。


主旨大意： 文章叙述了科学家救助、帮助白鹤繁衍的具体事例，呼吁人类要保护野生动物，维护人与野生动物的关系。



长难句：
1. Chris and Tim work at a zoo, helping endangered cranes with their reproduction.
主句为Chris and Tim work at a zoo其中helping引导了伴随状语从句helping endangered cranes with their reproduction。
1.She refused to live with male cranes, and even had a reputation for killing some of them, which made it impossible for her to become a mother.
主句为She refused to live with male cranes, and even had a reputation for killing some of them其中which引导了非限制性定语从句which made it impossible for her to become a mother.
2. After all, not everyone has realized that wildlife has thoughts, feelings, and most importantly, equal rights to survive.
主句为not everyone has realized that其中从句为that引导的宾语从句that wildlife has thoughts, feelings, and most importantly, equal rights to survive从句中的most importantly为插入语。
3. How can we bridge the ever-widening gap that separates us from other animals?
该句为一个疑问句。主句为How can we bridge the ever-widening gap，其中that引导了限制性定语从句that separates us from other animals。
4. Chris and Tim offered us the answer: human beings took it for granted that their brains held all the solutions, but maybe their hearts can be a better guide.
该句由冒号隔开的两个完整的句子组成，冒号前的句子为简单句，冒号后的句子用于解释说明前面的“answer”。第二句由连词but连接的两个句子组成，第一句主句为human beings took it for granted，其中that引导了宾语从句that their brains held all the solutions，it为形式宾语。



语法点：
1. 限制性定语从句
文中that are disappearing为限制性定语从句，修饰先行词species。因为that在从句中作主语，所以that不能省略。如果关系代词that/which在从句中作宾语，则可以被省略。
2 .现在分词作伴随状语
文中helping endangered cranes with their reproduction为help的现在分词helping作伴随状语从句。其逻辑主语为Chris和Tim。
3. 同位语
文中a female crane是前面的名字Emma的同位语。同位语用于解释说明前面的名词。同位语从句删除后，句子结构完整。
4. 非限制性定语从句
文中which made it impossible for her to become a mother.为非限制性定语从句，它修饰的先行词前面的a reputation for killing some of them。非限制性定语从句的先行词和关系代词一般用逗号隔开，非限制性定语从句删除后，句子的结构不变。
5. 过去分词作伴随状语
文中的Born at an international crane foundation有过去分词born引导的伴随状语。其逻辑主语为主句中的Emma。因为born和Emma是逻辑上的被动关系，所以用过去分词born。
6. 宾语从句
文中After all, not everyone has realized that wildlife has thoughts, feelings, and most importantly, equal rights to survive.有连接代词that的宾语从句，宾语从句that wildlife has thoughts, feelings, and most importantly, equal rights to survive.作realized的宾语。宾语从句在句中充当宾语，其连接代词that一般可以省略。



重点语言点：
try one's best 努力，尽力
save sb. from sth. 救助某人免于遭受某事
in one's care 处于某人的照顾中
lead to 导致
take sb as 把某人看作
a reputation for 有......的名声
a combination of A and B A和B的结合
enable sb. to do sth. 使某人能够做某事
with one's patience and efforts 在某人的耐心和努力下
be proud of 以......而骄傲
make efforts 做出努力
on the decline 正在减少
after all 毕竟
have rights to do sth. 有做某事的权利
head towards 朝向......发展
separate sb from sb 把某人和某人分开
take sth. for granted 把某事视为理所应当