Bikes Stolen, Honor Gained
丢了车子，得了荣誉

For most people, having things stolen feels like an offence. Robbie Pruitt admitted that he got mad when he discovered the theft of his mountain bike last September. But soon enough, his emotions took a turn. After letting go of his anger and frustration, he found himself on a road to sympathy instead. 

对大多数人来说，东西被偷感觉像是一种冒犯罗比·普鲁伊特承认，去年9月，当他发现自己的山地车被盗时，他非常生气。但很快，他的情绪发生了变化。在释放了愤怒和沮丧之后，他发现自己走上了同情的道路。

For Pruitt, a keen bicyclist, the first thing to do was replace his stolen bike. But when he went bike shopping, he found few available, which got him thinking: What if the lack of bikes was Covid-19 related, and what if the person who'd taken his bike really needed transportation to get to work?

对于热衷骑自行车的普鲁特来说，他要做的第一件事就是换掉被盗的自行车。但当他去买自行车时，发现可用的自行车很少，这让他想到:如果自行车的缺乏与Covid-19有关呢?如果骑自行车的人真的需要交通工具去上班呢?

With that thought in mind, Pruitt came up with a plan and posted it on the community website. He offered to fix bikes free of charge for anyone who needed it. He also asked for unwanted bikes, which he would repair-again for free. And then he would donate them to folks who could truly use them but didn't have the budget to buy one. 

带着这个想法，普鲁特想出了一个计划，并把它发布在了社区网站上。他提出为任何需要的人免费修理自行车。他还要求不要自行车，他会再次免费修理。然后他会把它们捐赠给那些真正需要它们但没有预算购买的人。

The day the post went live, Pruitt received thirty used bicycles. Then came more than 500 enquiries for detailed information. By the end of 2020, Pruitt had repaired more than 140 for donation or to be returned to their owners. 

帖子发布当天，普鲁特收到了30辆二手自行车。随后，有超过500人询问详细信息。到2020年底，普鲁伊特已经修复了140多辆，用于捐赠或归还给它们的主人。

Pruitt tries to give his donations to families that are truly struggling. Upon simply satisfying a material need, he has provided an opportunity for kids in his neighborhood to learn how to fix their own bike. 

普鲁伊特试图把他的捐款捐给那些真正在挣扎的家庭。在简单地满足物质需求的基础上，他为邻居的孩子们提供了一个学习如何修理自行车的机会。

In addition to practical skills, Pruitt's lessons teach teamwork, encourage self-worth, and promote feelings of community. Meanwhile, the kids have gained a sense of accomplishment. 

除了实用技能，普鲁伊特的课程还教授团队合作，鼓励自我价值，并促进社区感情。同时，孩子们也获得了成就感。

"It's a really great experience for kids," said a neighbor in an interview with the local newspaper. "Pruitt is certainly providing a service, but it's not just the bikes.  It's the relationships in the community.  It's the impact that he can make on people.  "

一位邻居在接受当地报纸采访时说:“对孩子们来说，这真是一次很棒的经历。”“普鲁伊特当然是在提供服务，但不仅仅是自行车。是社区中的关系。而是他能对人们产生的影响。”