Wilson
威尔逊

Being good at something and having a passion for it are not enough. Success depends fundamentally on our view of ourselves and of the events in our lives. 

擅长某件事并对它有激情是不够的。成功从根本上取决于我们对自己和生活中发生的事情的看法。

When twelve-year-old John Wilson walked into his chemistry class on a rainy day in 1931, he had no way of knowing that his life was to change completely. The class experiment that day was to show how heating a container of water would bring air bubbling (冒泡) to the surface. Somehow, the container the teacher gave Wilson to heat mistakenly held something more volatile (易挥发的) than water. When Wilson heated it, the container exploded, leaving Wilson blinded in both eyes. 

1931年的一个雨天，当12岁的约翰·威尔逊走进他的化学教室时，他完全不知道他的生活将彻底改变。那天的课堂实验是为了展示加热一个盛水的容器是如何使鼓泡的空气浮到水面的。不知何故，老师给威尔逊加热的容器错误地装了比水更易挥发的东西。当威尔逊加热它时，容器爆炸了，导致威尔逊双眼失明。

When Wilson returned home from hospital two months later, his parents attempted to find a way to deal with the catastrophe that had happened to their lives. But Wilson did not regard the accident as catastrophic. He learned braille (盲文) quickly and continued his education at Worcester College for the Blind. There, he not only did well as a student but also became an accomplished public speaker. 

两个月后，当威尔逊从医院回到家时，他的父母试图找到一种方法来处理发生在他们生活中的灾难。但威尔逊并不认为这次事故是灾难性的。他很快学会了盲文，并在伍斯特盲人学院继续他的教育。在那里，他不仅是一名优秀的学生，而且成为一名有成就的演说家。

Later, he worked in Africa, where many people suffered from blindness because of lack of proper treatment. For him, it was one thing to accept his own fate of being blind and quite another to allow something to continue when it could be fixed so easily. This moved him to action. And tens of millions in Africa and Asia can see because of the commitment Wilson made to preventing the preventable. 

后来，他在非洲工作，那里许多人因为缺乏适当的治疗而失明。对他来说，接受失明的命运是一回事，而允许可以轻易修复的事情继续下去则完全是另一回事。这促使他采取行动。非洲和亚洲数以千万计的人可以看到，因为威尔逊做出了预防可预防疾病的承诺。

Wilson received several international awards for his great contributions. He lost his sight but found a vision. He proved that it’s not what happens to us that determines our lives-it’s what we make of what happens. 

威尔逊因他的巨大贡献获得了几项国际奖项。他失明了，但又恢复了视力。他证明了不是发生在我们身上的事情决定了我们的生活，而是我们如何看待发生的事情。


主旨大意：因为一次意外，威尔逊失明了。但是，他并没有抱怨命运的不公，而是努力地学习，接受教育。他通过自己的努力帮助很多人恢复了视力，获得了很多国际大奖。他的例子告诉我们：成功从根本上取决于我们对自己和对生活中发生的事情的看法。



长难句：
1. Being good at something and having a passion for it are not enough.
这句话是动名词词组作主语Being good at something and having a passion for it，谓语动词是are。
2. When Wilson heated it, the container exploded, leaving Wilson blinded in both eyes.
在这句中，when引导时间状语从句，主句是the container exploded, 其中 leaving Wilson blinded in both eyes，leaving是现在分词作结果状语。
3. The class experiment that day was to show how heating a container of water would bring air bubbling to the surface.
在这句中，主干是The class experiment that day was to show，其中how引导一个宾语从句how heating a container of water would bring air bubbling to the surface。
4. When Wilson returned home from hospital two months later, his parents attempted to find a way to deal with the catastrophe that had happened to their lives.
在这句话，when引导时间状语从句，主句是his parents attempted to find a way to deal with the catastrophe，其中that引导定语从句，修饰先行词the catastrophe。
5. And tens of millions in Africa and Asia can see because of the commitment Wilson made to preventing the preventable.
这句主干是And tens of millions in Africa and Asia can see because of the commitment，这里有一个省略that的限制性定语从句Wilson made to preventing the preventable.
6. For him, it was one thing to accept his own fate of being blind and quite another to allow something to continue when it could be fixed so easily.
这句话，when引导时间状语从句，其中It is + n. + to do sth，it是形式主语，真正的主语是后面的动词不定式to accept 和 to allow。
7. He proved that it's not what happens to us that determines our lives—it's what we make of what happens.
这句话的主干是He proved that ，其中that 引导宾语从句it’s not what happens to us that determines our lives。宾语从句中it is +被强调部分+ that...为强调句句型，强调的部分是主语从句what happens to us，破折号在这儿表转折，what we make of what happens是一个表语从句，其中what happens是宾语从句。



语法点：
1. 非谓语动词：doing作结果状语
在这句When Wilson heated it, the container exploded, leaving Wilson blinded in both eyes. leaving是现在分词作伴随状语，与其逻辑主语是the container呈主动关系，故用ing形式。
2. 限制性定语从句：省略that
在这句the container the teacher gave Wilson to heat mistakenly held something more volatile than water，有一个省略that的定语从句，修饰先行词the container，因为that在定语从句中作宾语，故可以省略。
3. 过去完成时
在这句中When Wilson returned home from hospital two months later, his parents attempted to find a way to deal with the catastrophe that had happened to their lives，有一个过去完成时，结构式had done，表示表示在过去某一时间或动作以前已经完成了的动作，即“过去的过去”。



重点语言点：
be good at 擅长某事
have a passion for 对…有热情
depend on 决定于
walk into 走进
chemistry class 化学课
a container of 一个装着…的容器
have no way of 无法
return home 回家
attempt to 尝试
deal with处理
regard…as 把…看成
public speaker 公共演说家
happen to 发生
not only… but also 不仅...而且
suffered from 遭受
lack of 缺乏
move sb to action 让某人行动起来
tens of millions 数千万人
because of 因为
lose one's sight 失明