Winners Can Be Made
赢家可以后天造就

No one is born a winner. People make themselves into winners by their own efforts. 

没有天生的赢家。人们凭借后天努力才能成功。

I learned this lesson from a(n) experience many years ago. I took the head coaching job at a school in Baxley, Georgia. It was a small school with a weak football program. 

许多年前，我学到了这一课。我在乔治亚州巴克斯利的一所学校担任主教练。那是一所足球项目薄弱的小学校。

It was a tradition for the school's old team to play against the new team at the end of spring practice. The old team had no coach, and they didn't even practice to prepare for the game. Being the coach of the new team, I was excited because I knew we were going to win, but to my disappointment we were defeated. I couldn't believe I had got into such a situation. Thinking hard about it, I came to realize that my team might not be the number one team in Georgia, but they were depending on me. I had to change my attitude about their ability and potential. 

学校的老队员在春季训练结束时与新队员比赛是一种传统。这支老球队没有教练，他们甚至没有练习为比赛做准备。作为新球队的教练，我很兴奋，因为我知道我们会赢，但令我失望的是我们被击败了。我简直不敢相信自己会陷入这样的境地。仔细想想，我意识到我的球队可能不是佐治亚州的头号球队，但他们依赖我。我不得不改变对他们的能力和潜力的态度。

I started doing anything I could to help them build a little pride. Most important, I began to treat them like winners. That summer, When the other teams enjoyed their vacations,we met every day and practiced passing and kicking the football. 

我开始尽我所能帮助他们建立一点自豪感。最重要的是，我开始把他们当作胜利者。那年夏天，当其他球队享受假期时，我们每天都会集合，练习传球和踢球。

Six months after suffering our defeat on the spring practice field, we won our first game and our second, and continued to improve. Finally, we faced the number one team in the state. I felt that it would be a victory for us even if we lost the game. But that wasn't what happened. My boys beat the best team in Georgia, giving me one of the greatest thrills of my life!

在春季训练场遭遇失利六个月后，我们赢得了第一场和第二场比赛，接连获胜。最后，我们面对的是该州排名第一的球队。我觉得即使我们输掉了比赛，这对我们来说也是一场胜利。但是不可能发生了！我的孩子们击败了佐治亚州最好的球队，这成了我一生中最激动人心的事情之一！

From the experience I learnt a lot about how the attitude of the leader can affect the members of a team. Instead of seeing my boys as losers, I pushed and encouraged them. I helped them to see themselves differently,and they built themselves into winners. 

从这次经历中，我学到了很多关于领导者的态度如何影响团队成员的知识。我没有把我的孩子们看作失败者，而是鼓励他们。我帮助他们以不同的眼光看待自己，他们把自己打造成了胜利者。

Winners are made, but born. 

赢家并非天生。