Kindness Will Be Rewarded
善良会得到回报

Many years ago, I owned a service station and roadhouse on the main road between Melbourne and Adelaide. 

许多年前，我在墨尔本和阿德莱德之间的主干道上开了一家加油站兼客栈。

One very cold, wet night at about 3:30 a.m., there was a knock on the front door of our house. A young man, wet from head to toe, explained that he had run out of petrol about 30 km up the road. He had left his pregnant（怀孕的）wife and his two children behind in the car and said that he would hitchhike（搭便车）back.

一个非常寒冷、潮湿的夜晚，大约凌晨3点半，有人敲我们家的前门。一个从头到脚都湿透的年轻人解释说，他开了大约30公里就没油了。他把怀孕的妻子和两个孩子留在车里，说他会搭便车回来。

Once I had filled a can with petrol, I took him back to his car where his two-year-old and four-year-old children were both crying, saying that they were cold. Once I had filled a can with petrol, I took him back to his car where his two-year-old and four-year-old children were both crying, saying that they were cold. 

我把一罐汽油加满后，带他回到他的车里，他两岁和四岁的孩子都在哭，说他们很冷。我把一罐汽油加满后，带他回到他的车里，他两岁和四岁的孩子都在哭，说他们很冷。

Before leaving, I had turned the heater on in the roadhouse, so that when we went in, it was nice and warm. ​While the little ones played and ran around, I prepared bread and butter for the children, and hot chocolate for the adults. ​

离开之前，我把旅馆里的暖气打开了，这样当我们进去的时候，屋里很暖和。当孩子们玩耍和跑来跑去的时候，我为孩子们准备了面包和黄油，为大人们准备了热巧克力。

It was about 5 a.m. before they left. ​The young fellow asked me how much he owed me and I told him that the petrol pump had shown $15. He offered to pay a "call-out fee", but I wouldn't accept it.

他们离开时大约是凌晨5点。那个年轻人问我他欠我多少钱，我告诉他加油泵显示的是15美元。他提出要支付“呼叫费”，但我没有接受。

About a month later, I received a letter from interstate, a large bus company that we had been trying to get to stop off at our roadhouse for a long time. It turned out that the young fellow I had helped was its general manager, the most powerful person in the company. 

大约一个月后，我收到了一封来自州际公路的来信，这是一家大型巴士公司，我们一直想让它在我们的路边小屋停一下车。原来，我帮助过的那个年轻人是公司的总经理，是公司里最有权势的人。

In his letter, he thanked me again and informed me that, from then on, all their buses would stop at my service station. In this case, a little bit of kindness was rewarded with a huge amount of benefits. 

在他的信中，他再次感谢我，并告诉我，从那时起，他们所有的公共汽车将停在我的服务站。在这种情况下，一点点的善意得到了巨大的好处。