A Stranger Way to Get Attention
一种比较奇怪的吸睛方式

There are lots of ways to raise awareness for a cause. Usually, the stranger the idea is, the more it gets noticed. And that's precisely why one garbage-eating. Frenchman has caught our attention. 

很多方法可以提高人们对某项事业的认识。通常情况下，越奇怪的想法越容易被注意到。这就是为什么一个人会吃垃圾。法国人引起了我们的注意。

Baptiste Dubanchet is biking across Europe, surviving entirely on discarded(丢弃)food. The three-month, 1900-mile journey from Paris to Warsaw is Dubanchet's way of raising awareness of food waste in Europe and throughout the world. 

巴蒂斯特·杜班切特骑自行车穿越欧洲，完全靠丢弃的食物为生。这次从巴黎到华沙的三个月，1900英里的旅程是杜班切特提高欧洲和全世界对食物浪费意识的方式。

As you can imagine , the trip is no piece of cake. While restaurants throw away tons of food each year, much of it remains inaccessible because of locked garbage containers, health regulations, or business policies. Only about one in ten places offered him food that would otherwise be discarded. 

你可以想象，这次旅行不是件容易的事。虽然餐馆每年扔掉大量食物，但由于垃圾容器上锁、卫生法规或商业政策，其中大部分仍然无法获得。只有大约十分之一的地方为他提供了原本会被丢弃的食物。

For legal reasons, most restaurants have a policy against giving away food waste. "Some people have even risked their jobs by giving me food," Dubanchet said. 

出于法律原因，大多数餐馆都有禁止丢弃食物垃圾的规定。杜班切特说:“有些人甚至冒着丢掉工作的危险给我食物。”

What's particularly interesting is the attitude various cities have toward Dubanchet's cause. Berlin has been the easiest while the most difficult was the Czech town of Pilsen. There, he had to ask at some 50 different stores or restaurants before finding food. The challenge is all the more serious when you consider the time exercise required to bike from France to Poland. 

特别有趣的是不同城市对杜班切特的事业的态度。柏林是最容易的，而最难的是捷克的皮尔森镇。在那里，他必须在50多家不同的商店或餐馆里打听才能找到食物。当你考虑到从法国骑自行车到波兰所需要的锻炼时间时，这个挑战就更加严峻了。

"I have to get food fast because after all the biking I am tired and I need the energy,"

“我必须快点吃东西，因为骑了这么多自行车后，我很累，我需要能量。”

Dubanchet explained.  "Is my stomach full or empty? That is the most important thing, not what I am eating. "

杜班切特解释道。“我的胃是满的还是空的？这才是最重要的，而不是我吃的是什么。”

He aims to finish his journey by mid-July.  With any luck, he'll turn a few more heads in the process. 

他的目标是在7月中旬之前完成他的旅程。如果运气好的话，他会在这个过程中吸引更多的关注。