Nothing Is Impossible
没有什么是不可能的

Every time I passed boys who were playing basketball, I stopped to watch them silently. But as a girl, I once thought that I could never play basketball. 

每次我经过正在打篮球的男孩时，我都会停下来静静地看着他们。但作为一个女孩，我曾经认为我永远不会打篮球。

I like playing basketball, though I'm not good at it. I've had basketball since I was a child. At first, I could play freely because no one cared when I was just a kid. But as I grew up, it seemed harder and harder for me to enjoy basketball. My parents did not let me play basketball at home. Even when I went to play basketball with my friends, boys stared at me as if I were mad. 

我喜欢打篮球，虽然我打得不好。我从小就打篮球。起初，我可以自由地玩，因为当我还是个孩子的时候，没有人在乎我。但随着我的成长，我似乎越来越难以享受篮球。我的父母不让我在家打篮球。甚至当我和朋友去打篮球时，男孩子们也盯着我看，好像我疯了一样。

I was feeling down and had lost hope of playing basketball. Luckily, something changed on the first day of high school. I made some friends who also enjoyed playing basketball. One of them told me with a smile, “Go your own way and let others talk”. This girl would always play basketball with me. Even the boy who sat next to me in class talked about basketball with me almost every day. 

我情绪低落，对打篮球失去了希望。幸运的是，高中的第一天发生了变化。我交了一些同样喜欢打篮球的朋友。其中一个笑着对我说:“走你自己的路，让别人说去吧。”这个女孩总是和我一起打篮球。甚至在课堂上坐在我旁边的那个男孩几乎每天都和我谈论篮球。

I was encouraged by them. Confidence returned to my heart. I am ready to stand up and play. Basketball has become an important part of my life. Through basketball, not only do I feel happy and confident, but also learn a lot from others. 

我受到了他们的鼓励。信心又回到了我的心里。我已经准备好站起来玩了。篮球已经成为我生活中重要的一部分。通过篮球，我不仅感到快乐和自信，也从别人身上学到很多东西。

I've heard the NBA star Tracy McGrady say, “Nothing is impossible”. It is from an advertisement on TV. I have come to realize that life is just like playing basketball. You should have an aim. ​After that, just be confident and keep going. Never give up and you'll make it sooner or later. 

我听过NBA球星特雷西·麦克格雷迪说:“没有什么是不可能的。”这是一个电视广告。我开始意识到生活就像打篮球。你应该有一个目标。在那之后，保持自信，继续前进。永远不要放弃，你迟早会成功的。

I love the motto of the NBA. It can express my strong feelings for basketball, “I love this game!”

我喜欢NBA的格言。它可以表达我对篮球的强烈感情，“我爱这项运动!”