The Beggar Loves to Sing
爱唱歌的乞丐

There once was a beggar who loved to hear himself sing. He lived behind a dustbin next to a supermarket. He had the most amazing voice. No one would listen to him, though cats and dogs would come to sing along. All animals would come to hear this sound. No humans though. His only audience were the animals. Even without people to sing to, the man was filled with joy for he loved his voice. 

从前有一个乞丐，他喜欢听自己唱歌。他住在超市旁边的垃圾箱后面。他有最美妙的声音。没有人会听他的，尽管猫和狗会跟着他唱。所有的动物都会来听这个声音。但是没有人类。他唯一的听众是动物。即使没有人可以唱歌，这个人也充满了喜悦，因为他喜欢自己的声音。

Then one day, a little girl was on her way to the supermarket. The man was singing one of his favorite songs. The little girl heard him and wondered what that noise was. She began searching around every corner until she found him. The girl's eyes began to grow wide as she saw the man in his dirty clothes. She asked him to sing, with no fear of danger in her voice. This shocked the man. He sang for the girl with joy in his eyes. Although it was nice to be alone to sing, it was also nice to have an audience. He sang until they heard the girl's mother calling for her. The girl quickly said goodbye and ran off. 

有一天，一个小女孩在去超市的路上。这个人正在唱他最喜欢的一首歌。小女孩听到了他的声音，想知道那是什么声音。她开始四处寻找，直到找到了他。当女孩看到那个穿着脏衣服的男人时，她的眼睛睁得大大的。她请他唱歌，声音里没有任何危险。这让他很震惊。他为那女孩唱歌，眼里含着喜悦。虽然一个人唱歌很好，但有听众也很好。他一直唱到听到女孩的母亲在呼唤她。女孩很快地说了再见就跑掉了。

The girl returned the next day and asked him to sing. Again he sang for the little girl. After a few songs, she left at the call of her mother. She came the day after, with an older woman. This was the girl's mother. She did not seem to mind being led behind a smelly dustbin. The girl asked the beggar to sing. The man sang his heart out for the both of them to hear. The mother's frown began to fade and a smile began to appear. The days after were full of cheerful singing and the audience of two. Later, they would bring more people to listen. The beggar continued to sing until he could not sing anymore. Not just he loved his voice anymore. 

第二天，女孩又来请他唱歌。他又一次为小女孩唱歌。唱了几首歌之后，她应母亲的召唤离开了。第二天她来了，和一个年长的女人在一起。这是女孩的母亲。她似乎并不介意被带到一个臭垃圾桶后面。女孩请乞丐唱歌。那人唱出自己的心声，让他们俩都能听到。母亲的皱眉开始消失，脸上露出了笑容。之后的日子里充满了欢快的歌声和两名观众。后来，他们会带更多的人来听。乞丐会一直会她们唱歌，直到他不能唱歌。他不再只是爱他的声音。