Paul Wilson
保罗·威尔逊

Regardless of the weather or the distance, Paul Wilson will make sure low-income students in his neighbourhood arrive at their college classes on time. 

无论天气或距离如何，保罗·威尔逊(Paul Wilson)都会确保他所在社区的低收入家庭学生准时到达他们的大学课堂。

A retired engineer, 76-year-old Wilson has been offering free rides to college students for the past eight years. Since he first started volunteering his car to the young people. Wilson has covered an astonishing 64, 000 miles, and has had countless pleasant and often humorous conversations with the students he transports to and from school. The students who he's driven have gone on to become physicians, teachers and engineers, but what they've also got out of their time in school is finding a role model and a friend in Wilson. Some students even call him "Grandpa". 

76岁的威尔逊是一名退休工程师，在过去的8年里，他一直为大学生提供免费乘车服务。自从他第一次自愿把他的车送给年轻人。威尔逊已经行驶了惊人的64000英里，并与他接送上下学的学生进行了无数愉快的、经常是幽默的交谈。他带过的学生后来成为了医生、教师和工程师，但他们在学校里也得到了一个榜样和朋友威尔逊。一些学生甚至叫他“爷爷”。

Tina Stern received rides from Wilson for all her four years in college, and the trips meant much more to her than just free transportation. It's not just a ride；you're not just sitting there in awkward silence or with your headphones on.  Stern said. He asks you questions and actually remembers the answers, so the next time you ride with him, he'll check on those things. 

蒂娜·斯特恩(Tina Stern)在大学四年里一直乘坐威尔逊(Wilson)的车，这些旅行对她来说不仅仅是免费的交通工具。这不仅仅是一段旅程;你不只是坐在那里尴尬地沉默或戴着耳机。斯特恩说。他会问你问题，而且还记得答案，所以下次你和他一起坐车时，他会检查这些事情。

Wilson first worked as a driver through a student-support programme of the non-profit organization. On Point for College. Although the programme asks the members only to drive students to and from their classes, Wilson often goes beyond to ensure the welfare and safety of the students. If they have problems with registration. 

威尔逊最初通过非营利组织的一个学生支持项目当司机。On Point for College。虽然该计划只要求成员接送学生上下课，但威尔逊经常超越确保学生的福利和安全。如果他们在注册方面有问题。

Wilson is there to assist them. If they run out of certain daily necessities. Wilson will drive to the nearest store and purchase what's needed. If a student gets hungry on the long drives to and from school, Wilson never hesitates to buy them a meal. 

威尔逊在那里帮助他们。如果他们的生活必需品用完了。威尔逊会开车去最近的商店买所需的东西。如果学生在往返学校的长途开车途中饿了，威尔逊会毫不犹豫地给他们买一顿饭。

For many students, Wilson's help is not only appreciated, it's also entirely necessary for them to be able to complete their college education. Some students don't have a reliable car, while others have to share vehicles with parents who work six days a week. For them, riding with Wilson has allowed them to complete their education—but according to Wilson, he benefits just as much from the experience. I just love driving and I love these kids, Wilson said. It's such a privilege to be a part of these kids' lives, even just for a few hours, getting to know them and hearing their stories. 

对于许多学生来说，威尔逊的帮助不仅是感激的，而且对他们完成大学教育也是完全必要的。一些学生没有一辆可靠的车，而另一些学生不得不与每周工作六天的父母共用车辆。对他们来说，和威尔逊一起骑马让他们完成了学业——但据威尔逊说，他也从这次经历中获益良多。“我就是喜欢开车，我爱这些孩子，”威尔逊说。能成为这些孩子生活的一部分是一种荣幸，即使只有几个小时，去了解他们，听他们的故事。

主旨大意：本文讲述了76岁的保罗·威尔逊八年来一直免费接送低收入的学生上学的感人事迹。



长难句：
1. The students who he's driven have gone on to become physicians, teachers and engineers, but what they've also got out of their time in school is finding a role model and a friend in Wilson.
在这句中，主干是The students become physicians, teachers and engineers，who为关系代词引导定语从句who he's driven have gone on to become physicians, teachers and engineers。what为关系代词，引导主语从句what they've also got out of their time in school。
2. Although the programme asks the members only to drive students to and from their classes, Wilson often goes beyond to ensure the welfare and safety of the students.
在这句中although是从属连词,不能与but连用，所以Wilson often goes beyond to ensure the welfare and safety of the
students前要省略but。
3. If they run out of certain daily necessities，Wilson will drive to the nearest store and purchase what's needed.
在这句中，主干是Wilson will drive to the nearest
store and purchase what's needed这是由and连接的并列句；在and后what's needed是由what引导的宾语从句，what在从句中作主语，is needed是被动形式；主干前if they run out of certain daily necessities是由if引导的条件状语从句。后文If a student gets hungry on the long drives to and from school同理也是一个由if引导的条件状语从句。
4. Some students don't have a reliable car, while others have to share vehicles with parents who work six days a week.
在这句中，主句是Some students don't have a reliable car；while引导原因状语从句while others have to share vehicles with parents who work six days a week，说出了威尔逊帮助学生的原因；who引导限制性定语从句who work six days a week，who在从句中作主语。

语法点：
1. 完成进行时：
在这句A retired engineer, 76-year-old Wilson has been offering free rides to college students for the past
eight years中，has been offering free rides是完成进行时时态。现在完成进行时结构为助动词（have/has）+been+动词的现在分词。表示动作从过去某一时间开始，一直持续到现在，或者刚刚终止，或者可能仍然要继续下去。
2. 现在完成时：have/has+动词的过去分词
在这句 Wilson has covered an astonishing 64, 000 miles, and has had countless pleasant and often humorous conversations with the students he transports to and from school中，has covered 和has had 都是现在完成时。现在完成时的结构为have/has+动词的过去分词，表示过去的动作或状态持续到现在，对现在造成的影响，可能持续发生下去。
3. 主语从句：what引导
在这句The students ……but what they've also got out of their time in school is finding a role model and a friend in Wilson中，what引导了一个主语从句，在从句中作宾语。
4. 主将从现
主将从现指在时间状语从句、条件状语从句和让步状语从句中，如果主句表达将来含义，从句用一般现在时替代一般将来时。
在这句中从句If they run out of certain daily necessities时态是一般现在时，主句Wilson will drive to the nearest store and purchase what's needed是一般将来时。

重点语言点：
regardless of 不管，不顾
make sure 确保
arrive at 到达
on time 准时
offer sth to sb 把某物提供给某人
volunteer sth to 把某物捐给…
transport to and from 往返…
get out of 摆脱
the next time 下一次
ride with 与…同行
check on 检查
work as 以…身份工作
go beyond 超越
have problems with 有…问题
run out of 用完，耗尽
get hungry 挨饿
hesitate to do sth 犹豫去做某事
share sth with sb 和某人分享某物
allow sb to do sth 允许某人做某事
according to 根据…
be privilege to 有特权去做