Kerry
克里

One of the easiest things in the world is to become a fault-finder. However, life can be great when you are not busy finding fault with it. 

世界上最容易的事情之一就是成为一个找缺点的人。然而，当你不忙于吹毛求疵时，生活也会很美好。

Several years ago, I received a letter from seventeen-year-old Kerry, who described herself as a world-class fault-finder, almost always bothered by things. People were always doing things that annoyed her, and nothing was ever good enough. She was highly self-critical and also found fault with her friends. She became a really boring person. 

几年前，我收到一封来自17岁的克里的信，她说自己是一个世界级的挑毛病者，几乎总是被事情困扰。人们总是做一些让她恼火的事情，而且总是做得不够好。她非常自我批评，也对朋友吹毛求疵。她变成了一个非常无聊的人。

Unfortunately, it took a horrible accident to change her attitude. Her best friend was seriously hurt in a car crash. What made it almost impossible to deal with was that the day before the accident, Kerry had visited her friend and had spent the whole time criticizing her choice of boyfriends, the way she was living, the way she related to her mother, and various other things she felt she needed to express. It wasn't until her friend was badly hurt that Kerry became aware of her habit of finding fault. Very quickly, she learned to appreciate life rather than to judge everything so harshly. ​She was able to transfer her new wisdom to other parts of her life as well. 

不幸的是，一场可怕的事故改变了她的态度。她最好的朋友在车祸中受了重伤。让这件事几乎无法处理的是，事故发生的前一天，克里去拜访了她的朋友，并一直在批评她对男朋友的选择，她的生活方式，她与母亲的关系，以及她觉得自己需要表达的各种其他事情。直到她的朋友受了重伤，克里才意识到自己爱挑毛病的习惯。很快，她学会了欣赏生活，而不是如此苛刻地评判一切。她也能够将她的新智慧转移到她生活的其他部分。

Perhaps most of us aren't as extreme at fault-finding, but when we're honest, we can be sharply critical of the world. I'm not suggesting you ignore problems, or that you pretend things are better than they are, but simply that you learn to allow things to be as they are— at least most of the time, and especially when it's not a really big deal. 

也许我们大多数人都不太会吹毛求疵，但当我们诚实的时候，我们可以对这个世界提出尖锐的批评。我并不是建议你忽视问题，或者假装事情比它们更好，而只是建议你学会让事情顺其自然——至少大多数时候是这样，尤其是当它不是什么大事的时候。

Train yourself to "bite your tongue", and with a little practice, you'll get really good at letting things go. And when you do, you'll get back your enthusiasm and love for life. 

训练自己“咬紧牙关”（‘忍住不说），稍加练习，你就会很擅长放手了。当你这样做的时候，你会重拾对生活的热情和热爱。


主旨大意：本文通过毒舌的女孩克里的经历让我们意识到学着放手，才能让自己的世界变得美好。



长难句：
1. Several years ago I received a letter from seventeen-year-old Kerry, who described herself as a world-class fault-finder, almost always bothered by things.
在这句中，主句是Several years ago I received a letter from seventeen-year-old Kerry，who引导非限制性定语从句who described herself as a world-class fault-finder，who在从句中作主语。后文People were always doing things that annoyed her是that引导的限制性定语从句。
2. What made it almost impossible to deal with was that the day before the accident , Kerry had visited her friend and had spent the whole time criticizing her choice of boyfriends, the way she was living, the way she related to her mother, and various other things she felt she needed to express .
这句话是一个主系表结构，主语和表语位置分别是两个从句。what引导的主语从句What made it almost impossible to deal with，what在从句中作主语，其中it作形式宾语，真正的宾语是to deal with；that引导表语从句that the day before the accident;其中the way she was living和the way she related to her mother是省略that的限制性定语从句，先行词为the way；various other things she felt she needed to express中she felt she needed to express是一个省略that的限制性定语从句，其中she needed to express是作felt的宾语，是一个省略that的宾语从句。
3. I'm not suggesting you ignore problems, or that you pretend things are better than they are, but simply that you learn to allow things to be as they are— at least most of the time, and especially when it's not a really big deal.
在这句中，主句是I'm not suggesting；you ignore problems是省略引导词that的宾语从句；than引导比较状语从句than they are；连词that引导宾语从句that you pretend things are better than they are，that无实义；连词that 引导宾语从句you learn to allow things to be as they are— at least most of the time, and especially when it's not a really big deal ；as引导表语从句as they are；when引导时间状语从句when it's not a really big deal，when为连词，起连接作用，表示当……的时候。

语法点：
1. 强调句：It is+until引导的状语从句+that+从句
这句It wasn't until her friend was badly hurt that Kerry became aware of her habit of finding fault是强调句，其介词until引导状语从句until her friend was badly hurt。
2. 省略that的宾语从句

that引导宾语从句无意义,不充当句子成分时可省略
在这句I'm not suggesting you ignore problem…a really big deal 中，是省略that宾语从句you ignore problems,that不充当句子成分。
3. that引导的主语从句：主语从句位于句首，且that不作成分
在这句I'm not suggesting you ignore problem…a really big deal 中，连词that引导主语从句that you pretend things are better than they are，that无实义。

重点语言点：
be busy doing sth 忙于做某事
receive form 从…接收
describe as 描述为
deal with 处理
spend time (in) doing sth 花费时间做某事
be related to 与…有关
become aware of 意识到
rather than 而不是
not…until 直到……才
as well 也
be critical of 对…持批评态度
allow to do sth 允许做某事
at least 至少
get good at 擅长
get back 返回