Discover A New Kilimanjaro
发现新的乞力马扎罗山

Every year, about 40,000 people attempt to climb Kilimanjaro, the highest mountain in Africa. They bring with them lots of waste. The crowds might damage the beauty of the place. The glaciers(冰川)are disappearing, changing the face of Kilimanjaro. 

每年，大约有4万人试图攀登非洲最高峰乞力马扎罗山。他们带来了大量的废物。拥挤的人群可能会破坏这个地方的美丽。冰川正在消失，改变了乞力马扎罗山的面貌。

Hearing these stories, I’m skeptical about the place — other destinations are described as “purer” natural experiences. 

听到这些故事，我对这个地方持怀疑态度——其他目的地被描述为“更纯粹”的自然体验。

However, I soon discover that much has changed since the days of disturbing reports of camps among tons of rubbish. I find a clean mountain, with toilets at camps and along the paths. The environmental challenges are significant, but the efforts made by the Tanzania National Park Authority seem to be paying off. 

然而，我很快发现，自从那些令人不安的报道在成堆的垃圾中建立营地以来，情况已经发生了很大变化。我找到了一座干净的山，在营地和小路上都有厕所。环境挑战是重大的，但坦桑尼亚国家公园管理局的努力似乎正在取得成效。

The best of a Kilimanjaro experience, in my opinion, isn’t reaching the top. Mountains are regarded as spiritual places by many cultures. This view is especially evident on Kilimanjaro as climbers go through five ecosystems(生态系统)in the space of a few kilometers. At the base is a rainforest. It ends abruptly at 3, 000 meters, giving way to lands of low growing plants. Further up, the weather changes — low clouds envelope the mountainsides, which are covered with thick grass. I count twelve shades of green from where I stand. Above 4, 000 meters is the highland desert: gravel(砾石), stones and rocks. Finally, you climb into an arctic-like zone with permanent snow and the glaciers that may soon disappear. 

在我看来，乞力马扎罗山最好的体验并不是登顶。山脉被许多文化视为精神圣地。这种观点在乞力马扎罗山上尤为明显，因为登山者在几公里的空间里要经历五个生态系统。基地是一片热带雨林。它在3000米处突然结束，让位给低矮植物的土地。再往上走，天气就变了——低云笼罩着长满茂密草地的山坡。我数了数从我站的地方有十二种深浅不一的绿色。4000米以上是高原沙漠:砾石(砾)、石头和岩石。最后，你爬到一个类似北极的区域，那里有永久的积雪和冰川，可能很快就会消失。

Does Kilimanjaro deserve its reputation as a crowded mountain with lines of tourists ruining the atmosphere of peace？I found the opposite to be true. 

乞力马扎罗山是一座人山人海、游客络绎不绝、破坏和平气氛的山峰，它的名声真的值得吗?我发现事实正好相反。