Raynor Winns
雷诺韦恩夫妇

Raynor Winn and her husband Moth became homeless due to their wrong investment. Their savings had been used up to pay lawyers' fees. To make matters worse, Moth was diagnosed with a serious disease. There was no cure, only pain relief. 

雷纳·温和她的丈夫莫丝因为错误的投资而无家可归。他们的积蓄都用来付律师费了。更糟糕的是，莫丝被诊断出患有严重的疾病。无法治愈，只能缓解疼痛。

Failing to find any other way out, they decided to make a walking journey, as they caught sight of an old hikers' guide. 

由于找不到其他出路，他们决定徒步旅行，因为他们看到了一位年长的徒步旅行者向导。

This was a long journey of unaccustomed hardship and surprising recovery. When leaving home, Raynor and Moth had just ￡320 in the bank. They planned to keep the budget low by living on boiled noodles, with the occasional hamburger shop treat. 

这是一段漫长的旅程，经历了不同寻常的艰辛和出人意料的复苏。离开家时，雷诺和莫丝的银行存款只有320英镑。他们计划以煮面为食，偶尔在汉堡店吃点东西，以保持低预算。

Wild camping is illegal in England. To avoid being caught, the Winns had to get their tent up late and pack it away early in the morning. The Winns soon discovered that daily hiking in their 50s is a lot harder than they remember it was in their 20s. Raynor ached all over and desired a bath. Moth, meanwhile, after an initial struggle, found his symptoms were strangely reduced by their daily tiring journey. 

野外露营在英国是非法的。为了避免被发现，温夫妇不得不很晚才搭起帐篷，一大早就把帐篷收拾好。温夫妇很快发现，50多岁的人每天徒步旅行比20多岁时要困难得多。雷诺浑身疼痛，想洗个澡。与此同时，经过最初的挣扎，莫丝发现他的症状奇怪地减轻了，因为他们每天都很累。

Eventually, the couple found that their bodies turned for the better, with re-found strong muscles that they thought had lost forever. "Our hair was fried and falling out, nails broken, clothes worn to a thread, but we were alive. "

最终，这对夫妇发现他们的身体变得更好了，他们重新找到了他们认为永远失去的强壮肌肉。“我们的头发烧焦了，脱落了，指甲断了，衣服破了，但我们还活着。”

During the journey, Raynor began a career as a nature writer. She writes, "Homelessness had taken every material thing from me and left me torn bare, an empty page at the end of a partly written book.  It had also given me a choice, either to leave that page blank or to keep writing the story with hope.  I chose hope. "

在旅途中，雷诺开始了自然作家的职业生涯。她写道:“无家可归夺走了我所有的物质财富，把我撕得光秃秃的，只剩一本写了一半的书的最后一页空白。它也给了我一个选择，要么让那一页空白，要么带着希望继续写下去。我选择了希望。”

主旨大意：本文讲述了韦恩夫妇因为投资错误而无家可归，同时丈夫莫斯又身患疾病，于是夫妇二人决定徒步旅行。在徒步的旅行中丈夫的病情得到了很大改善，同时妻子也成为了自然作家，二人在经历的困难中找到了生活的方向。



长难句：
1. Failing to find any other way out, they decided to make a walking journey, as they caught sight of an old hikers' guide.
在这句话中，主句是they decided to make a walking journey；Failing to find any other way out是状语前置结构；as引导状语从句as they caught sight of an old hikers' guide。
2. To avoid being caught, the Winns had to get their tent up late and packed it away early in the morning.
在这句话中，主句是the Winns had to get their tent up late and packed it away early in the morning，不定式To avoid作句子状语，being caught是被动结构，and表示并列，连接两个并列的成分。
3. The Winns soon discovered that daily hiking in their 50s is a lot harder than they remember it was in their 20s.
在这句话，主句是The Winns soon discovered；that引导宾语从句that daily hiking in their 50s is a lot harder than they remember it was in their 20s，其中than引导比较状语从句than they remember it was in their 20s。
4. Moth, meanwhile, after an initial struggle , found his symptoms were strangely reduced by their daily tiring journey.
在这句话meanwhile, after an initial struggle是插入语，表示一般对一句话作一些附加的说明，found his symptoms were strangely reduced by their daily tiring journey是省略了that的宾语从句。
5. Eventually, the couple found that their bodies turned for the better, with re-found strong muscles that they thought had lost forever.
在这句中，主干the couple with re-found strong muscle，第一个that引导宾语从句that their bodies turned for the better，第二个that引导限制性定语从句 that they thought had lost forever。

语法点：
1. 过去完成时：
结构：had+been+过去分词，强调发生在过去的动作对过去晚些时候造成的影响或结果
在这句Their savings had been used up to pay lawyers' fees有一个过去完成时，结构式had done，表示在过去某一时间或动作以前已经完成了的动作，即“过去的过去”。
2. 非谓语动词：to do 不定式作主语
在这句To make matters worse,……. 中就是以To make作主语，表示为了。
3. 时间状语从句：when 引导
when引导时间状语从句时表示“当……的时候”，when既可以指时间段也可指时间点，从句中既可用延续性动词又可用瞬间性动词，且动作既可和主句的动作同时发生又可在主句的动作之前或之后发生。
在这句When leaving home, Raynor and Moth had just ￡320 in the bank中，when引导时间状语从句leaving home,句子中省略了they were。当状语从句的主语和主句的主语一致时，从句可以将主语和be动词简化掉。

重点语言点：
due to 由于
use up 用完
be diagnosed with 被诊断出患有
fail to do sth 失败
decide to do sth 决定做某事
make sth do sth 使…做…
catch sight of 看到
plan to do sth 计划做某事
avoid doing sth 避免做某事
have to 必须
pack away 收拾
turn for the better 变好
fall out 脱落
at the end of 在…的末尾
keep doing sth 一直做某事