Zhi Yueying
支月英

Zhi Yueying is a village teacher who has been working for almost four decades. When Zhi Yueying, then 19, went to the remote Niyang village in Yichun city, Jiangxi province, to work as a village teacher in 1980, villagers doubted if she was going to stay long. After all, a number of voluntary teachers had arrived before, but all had left soon after. Zhi, though, was there for more than thirty years, before going to a more remote village school in the mountains. 

支月英是一名乡村教师，她已经工作了近40年。1980年，19岁的芷月英(音译)来到江西省宜春市偏远的霓阳村当乡村教师，村民们都怀疑她是否能长久待在这里。毕竟，之前有一些志愿教师来过，但很快就都离开了。支月英在那里待了三十多年，后来去了一所更偏远的山村学校。

Over the past four decades, Zhi has devoted herself to rural education. She is a recipient of China Central Television's Touching China awards that recognize the most inspiring role models in 2016. She was also awarded as a model poverty fighter by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State Council earlier this year. 

在过去的四十年里，她一直致力于农村教育。她是2016年中国中央电视台“感动中国”奖的获得者，该奖项旨在表彰2016年最鼓舞人心的榜样。今年早些时候，她还被中共中央委员会和国务院授予扶贫模范战士称号。

Born in Nanchang city, Jiangxi, in 1961, Zhi wanted to become a teacher since childhood. She applied to work as a teacher at the primary school in Niyang village after graduation, despite her mother's strong opposition Located amid the mountains, the village was very poor and far from any town. Villagers had to hike in the mountains since there was no road. Moreover, local people needed to go downhill to buy daily necessities. "I had never walked on a mountain road before, so in the beginning, I walked much more slowly than others, sometimes I was left behind too much and was scared to tears," says Zhi. 

他1961年出生于江西省南昌市，从小就想成为一名教师。毕业后，她不顾母亲的强烈反对，申请到尼阳村的小学当老师。尼阳村地处群山之中，非常贫穷，远离城镇。因为没有路，村民们只好徒步上山。此外，当地人需要下坡购买生活必需品。“我以前从来没有走过山路，所以一开始，我走得比别人慢得多，有时我被落在后面太多，吓得哭了。”支月英说。

But she gradually adapted to her life there. She has a profound understanding of the importance of education in the mountains. Over the years, Zhi taught the students and cared for them, since many of them were "left-behind" children whose parents migrated to other places to work. More than 1, 000 students of hers have left the mountain area, and created a better life for themselves. 

但她逐渐适应了那里的生活。她对山区教育的重要性有着深刻的理解。多年来，志老师一直在教导和照顾这些学生，因为他们中的许多人都是父母到其他地方工作的“留守”儿童。她的1000多名学生离开了山区，为自己创造了更好的生活。