The Most Heart-warming Conversations
最暖心的谈话

It was in my first year of work as a doctor. My mouth was dry and my palms sweaty. The only thing that kept me focused was the thought that things were so much worse for the family I was talking to. 

那是我当医生的第一年。我口干舌燥，手心冒汗。唯一能让我集中注意力的是，我正在与之交谈的那个家庭的情况要糟糕得多。

A young girl had been rushed up to theatre (手术室) after a road traffic accident. I had spent some time in between assisting in theatre talking to the family as they waited for news. The surgeons had been unable to save her life. Ashen-faced, the consultant (会诊医师) told them the news. I sat with them for some time as they sobbed quietly and when I emerged from the room the consultant was standing outside. "I think it would be nice if it came from you," he said. 

一个小女孩在一次交通事故后被紧急送往剧院。在他们等待消息的时候，我在剧院帮忙的间隙花了一些时间和他们聊天。外科医生没能挽救她的生命。顾问面无表情地告诉他们这个消息。我和他们一起坐了一会儿，他们静静地抽泣着。当我走出房间时，咨询师正站在外面。“我想如果是你说的就好了，”他说。

I stared blankly. ​"What?" I asked. "About organ donation," he replied. I swallowed hard. Surely this would be the last thing they'd want to talk about. It felt strongly awkward and unsuitable to be considering this kind of conversation while they were being buried in grief. ​But the problem with organ donation is that every minute counts. ​

我茫然地盯着。“什么?”我问。“关于器官捐赠，”他回答。我使劲咽了口气。这肯定是他们最不愿意谈论的事情。在他们沉浸在悲痛之中的时候，考虑这样的谈话，感到非常尴尬和不合适。但器官捐赠的问题在于分秒必争。

It's what she'd wanted, the mother said before I'd even finished. 

我还没说完，母亲就说“这是她想要的，”

The father nodded. While I had imagined they might be angry with me for bringing up such a sensitive matter in their moment of grief, in fact they seemed pleased. "She was always so generous," her father added. As I left them, it occurred to me that I'd been wrong in thinking it would be an awkward conversation. Nothing could take away the pain of having lost their daughter. Yet this last, final act had comforted them and helped them feel that the spirit of their daughter lived on in this act of generosity. 

父亲点点头。我原以为他们会因为我在他们悲伤的时候提起这么敏感的事情而生气，但事实上他们似乎很高兴。“她总是那么慷慨，”她父亲补充说。当我离开他们的时候，我突然意识到我错了，我以为这将是一场尴尬的谈话。没有什么能消除失去女儿的痛苦。然而，这最后的、最后的举动安慰了他们，让他们感到女儿的精神在这种慷慨的行为中得以延续。

Strangely, it was one of the most heart-warming conversations I have ever had. 

奇怪的是，这是我有过的最暖心的谈话之一。