The Great Wall
长城

During World Space Week (October 4～10) , you may learn about some of space's myths. One is: “The Great Wall of China is the only man­made object visible from space with the naked eye. ”

在世界空间周(10月4日~10日)期间，你可能会了解一些关于太空的神话。其中一条是:“中国的长城是唯一能用肉眼从太空中看到的人造物体。”

You might be proud of this claim, but it's not true. In fact, astronauts say that the Great Wall is just one of many man­made objects that can be seen from space. From an orbit 217 kilometers above the earth, it is possible to see highways, airports, bridges, dams and even large vehicles. 

你可能会为这种说法感到自豪，但这不是真的。事实上，宇航员说长城只是从太空中可以看到的众多人造物体之一。在距地球217公里的轨道上，可以看到高速公路、机场、桥梁、水坝，甚至大型车辆。

Cities can even be seen clearly from the International Space Station, which circles about 400 kilometers above the planet. "You can see the Egyptian pyramids from space with a pair of binoculars.  They are a little difficult to pick out with just your eyes, " said Ed Lu, a US astronaut aboard the ISS. 

从环绕地球上空约400公里的国际空间站上甚至可以清楚地看到城市。“你可以用双筒望远镜从太空看到埃及金字塔。它们很难用肉眼分辨出来，”国际空间站上的美国宇航员埃德·卢(Ed Lu)说。

“With binoculars you can also see roads, harbours and even very large ships in the ocean.  From the moon, astronauts cannot make out any man-made features on earth and the continents are very hard to see. ​ On Mars, the earth would appear to the naked eye as nothing but a bright 'star'. ”However, what about the Great Wall?“You can see the Great Wall from space, " Lu said. “But it's a lot less clear than a lot of other objects.  You can only see it in radar images, not in ordinary photographs. ”

“用双筒望远镜，你还可以看到道路、港口，甚至海洋中的大型船只。从月球上，宇航员看不到地球上任何人造的特征，也很难看到大陆。在火星上，地球在肉眼看来只不过是一颗明亮的‘星星’。”然而，长城呢?“你可以从太空看到长城，”陆说。“但它比很多其他物体都不清楚。你只能在雷达图像中看到它，而不是在普通照片中。”

No one knows who first told the Great Wall story. The earliest reference to it comes in a book by a US writer, Richard Halliburton, published in 1938. He wrote, “Astronomers say that the Great Wall is the only man who made things on our planet visible to the human eye from the moon. ”

没有人知道是谁首先讲述了长城的故事。最早提到这个词的是美国作家理查德•哈里伯顿(Richard Halliburton) 1938年出版的一本书。他写道:“天文学家说，长城是唯一一个让人类从月球上看到地球上的东西的人。”

Halliburton's books sold quite well during the first half of the 20th century. So, if he didn't make up the story himself, he certainly spread it widely. 

哈里伯顿的书在20世纪上半叶卖得很好。所以，如果这个故事不是他自己编造的，他肯定是把它传播得很广。