Madison Williams
麦迪逊·威廉姆斯

Madison Williams was studying in her bedroom when the door burst open. Her mother, Leigh, hurried into her daughter's room, making a(n) request "Can you help?”

麦迪逊·威廉姆斯正在卧室里学习，突然门被撞开了。她的母亲利急忙走进女儿的房间，问:“你能帮忙吗?”

Madison and her mother ran to a neighbor's yard, where they found a worried woman and other adults surrounding a septic tank opening a few inches above the lawn. A boy, aged only two, had slipped into an eight-foot-deep tank. 

麦迪逊和她的母亲跑到邻居的院子里，在那里她们发现一个忧心忡忡的女人和其他一些成年人围着一个化粪池，化粪池离草坪只有几英寸高。一个只有两岁的男孩掉进了一个八英尺深的水箱里。

Madison quickly examined the situation. She knew she was the only one who could fit through the small hole. Without hesitation, she told the adults to lower her in. Leigh and others held her waist and legs.  Madison shook her arms and shoulders until she got through the opening into the dark and smelly tank. In the process, she injured one hand severely. Rather than tend to her injury, Madison scanned the surface of the water, hoping to feel the boy. Every once in a while, she could see his little toes in the water but failed to catch his foot. Minutes ticked by before she saw the outline of his foot again. Madison shot her good hand out and grasped the foot tightly. Then both of them were lifted out. 

麦迪逊很快审视了形势。她知道她是唯一一个能穿过这个小洞的人。她毫不犹豫地让大人们把她放下去。利和其他人扶着她的腰和腿。麦迪逊摇晃着她的胳膊和肩膀，直到她穿过开口进入黑暗和恶臭的水箱。在这个过程中，她的一只手严重受伤。麦迪逊没有去处理自己的伤势，而是扫视着水面，希望能感觉到那个男孩。每隔一段时间，她可以看到他的小脚趾在水里，但没有抓住他的脚。几分钟过去了，她才再次看到他的脚的轮廓。麦迪逊伸出一只好手，紧紧地抓住了那只脚。然后他们俩都被抬了出来。

But the boy wasn't out of trouble. He had been short of oxygen so long that he wasn't breathing. He was placed on his side, and an adult tapped him hard on the back until the boy coughed up fluids. Then they were rushed to the hospital. 

但男孩并没有摆脱麻烦。他长时间缺氧，以致于没有呼吸。他侧身躺着，一个成年人使劲拍他的后背，直到男孩咳出液体。然后他们被紧急送往医院。

It took Madison longer to recover than the boy, who returned home soon. She, however, stayed there because of her injury. “Madison's a hero,” the boy's mother says, “What other teenage girls will volunteer to go into a septic tank?”

麦迪逊花了比男孩更长的时间恢复，男孩很快就回家了。然而，由于受伤，她留在了那里。“麦迪逊是个英雄，”男孩的母亲说，“还有哪个十几岁的女孩会自愿进入化粪池呢?”