A Warm-hearted Man
一个热心肠的人

It's about 250 miles from the hills of west-central Iowa to Ehlers' home in Minnesota. During the long trip home, following a weekend of hunting, Ehlers thought about the small dog he had seen trembling alongside the road. He had tried to coax the dog to him but, frightened, it had run off. 

从爱荷华州中西部的山丘到埃勒斯在明尼苏达州的家大约有250英里。在漫长的回家之旅中，经过一个周末的狩猎，埃勒斯想起了他看到的在路边颤抖的小狗。他曾试图把狗哄过来，但由于小狗害怕，所以它跑了。

Back home, Ehlers was troubled by that lost dog. So, four days later, he called his friend Greg, and the two drove back. After a long and careful search, Greg saw, across a field, the dog moving cautiously away. Ehlers eventually succeeded in coaxing the animal to him. Nervousness and fear were replaced with joy. It just started licking（舔）Ehlers' face. 

回到家里，埃勒斯被那只走失的狗所困扰。所以，四天后，他打电话给他的朋友格雷格，两人开车回来寻找。经过长时间的仔细搜索，格雷格看到，狗小心翼翼地穿过一片田野离开了。埃勒斯最终成功地把这只小狗哄到了他身边。紧张和恐惧被喜悦所取代。小狗也开始舔埃勒斯的脸颊。

A local farmer told them the dog sounded like one advertised as lost in the local paper. The ad had a phone number for a town in southern Michigan. Ehlers called the number of Jeff and Lisa to tell them he had found their dog. 

一位当地农民告诉他们，这只狗听起来像当地报纸上宣传的走失狗。广告上有一个密歇根州南部一个城镇的电话号码。埃勒斯打电话给杰夫和丽莎，告诉他们：自己找到了他们的狗。

Jeff had hunted in Iowa before Thanksgiving with his dog, Rosie, but the gun shots had scared the dog off. Jeff searched in vain for Rosie in the next four days. 

感恩节前，杰夫和他的狗罗西在爱荷华州打猎，但枪声把狗吓跑了。杰夫在接下来的四天里，一无所获。

Ehlers returned to Minnesotan, and then drove 100 miles to Minneapolis to put Rosie on a flight to Michigan. "It's good to know there's still someone out there who cares enough to go to that kind of trouble," says Lisa of Ehlers' rescue effort. 

埃勒斯回到明尼苏达州，然后驱车100英里前往明尼阿波利斯，让罗西乘坐飞机前往密歇根州。“很高兴知道还有人能够不怕麻烦做这种事，”谈到埃勒斯的救援工作时，丽莎说。

“I figured whoever lost the dog was probably just as close to it as I am to my dogs,” says Ehlers. “If it had been my dog, I'd hope that somebody would be willing to go that extra mile. ”

埃勒斯说：“我想，无论是谁丢了狗，都可能像我对自己的狗一样亲近。”。“如果是我的狗，我希望有人愿意多走一步。”