Paul Wilson
保罗·威尔逊

Regardless of the weather or the distance, Paul Wilson will make sure low-income students in his neighbourhood arrive at their college classes on time. 

无论天气或距离如何，保罗·威尔逊(Paul Wilson)都会确保他所在社区的低收入家庭学生准时到达他们的大学课堂。

A retired engineer, 76-year-old Wilson has been offering free rides to college students for the past eight years. Since he first started volunteering his car to the young people. Wilson has covered an astonishing 64, 000 miles, and has had countless pleasant and often humorous conversations with the students he transports to and from school. The students who he's driven have gone on to become physicians, teachers and engineers, but what they've also got out of their time in school is finding a role model and a friend in Wilson. Some students even call him "Grandpa". 

76岁的威尔逊是一名退休工程师，在过去的8年里，他一直为大学生提供免费乘车服务。自从他第一次自愿把他的车送给年轻人。威尔逊已经行驶了惊人的64000英里，并与他接送上下学的学生进行了无数愉快的、经常是幽默的交谈。他带过的学生后来成为了医生、教师和工程师，但他们在学校里也得到了一个榜样和朋友威尔逊。一些学生甚至叫他“爷爷”。

Tina Stern received rides from Wilson for all her four years in college, and the trips meant much more to her than just free transportation. It's not just a ride；you're not just sitting there in awkward silence or with your headphones on.  Stern said. He asks you questions and actually remembers the answers, so the next time you ride with him, he'll check on those things. 

蒂娜·斯特恩(Tina Stern)在大学四年里一直乘坐威尔逊(Wilson)的车，这些旅行对她来说不仅仅是免费的交通工具。这不仅仅是一段旅程;你不只是坐在那里尴尬地沉默或戴着耳机。斯特恩说。他会问你问题，而且还记得答案，所以下次你和他一起坐车时，他会检查这些事情。

Wilson first worked as a driver through a student-support programme of the non-profit organization. On Point for College. Although the programme asks the members only to drive students to and from their classes, Wilson often goes beyond to ensure the welfare and safety of the students. If they have problems with registration. 

威尔逊最初通过非营利组织的一个学生支持项目当司机。On Point for College。虽然该计划只要求成员接送学生上下课，但威尔逊经常超越确保学生的福利和安全。如果他们在注册方面有问题。

Wilson is there to assist them. If they run out of certain daily necessities. Wilson will drive to the nearest store and purchase what's needed. If a student gets hungry on the long drives to and from school, Wilson never hesitates to buy them a meal. 

威尔逊在那里帮助他们。如果他们的生活必需品用完了。威尔逊会开车去最近的商店买所需的东西。如果学生在往返学校的长途开车途中饿了，威尔逊会毫不犹豫地给他们买一顿饭。

For many students, Wilson's help is not only appreciated, it's also entirely necessary for them to be able to complete their college education. Some students don't have a reliable car, while others have to share vehicles with parents who work six days a week. For them, riding with Wilson has allowed them to complete their education—but according to Wilson, he benefits just as much from the experience. I just love driving and I love these kids, Wilson said. It's such a privilege to be a part of these kids' lives, even just for a few hours, getting to know them and hearing their stories. 

对于许多学生来说，威尔逊的帮助不仅是感激的，而且对他们完成大学教育也是完全必要的。一些学生没有一辆可靠的车，而另一些学生不得不与每周工作六天的父母共用车辆。对他们来说，和威尔逊一起骑马让他们完成了学业——但据威尔逊说，他也从这次经历中获益良多。“我就是喜欢开车，我爱这些孩子，”威尔逊说。能成为这些孩子生活的一部分是一种荣幸，即使只有几个小时，去了解他们，听他们的故事。