Wilson
威尔逊

Being good at something and having a passion for it are not enough. Success depends fundamentally on our view of ourselves and of the events in our lives. 

擅长某件事并对它有激情是不够的。成功从根本上取决于我们对自己和生活中发生的事情的看法。

When twelve-year-old John Wilson walked into his chemistry class on a rainy day in 1931, he had no way of knowing that his life was to change completely. The class experiment that day was to show how heating a container of water would bring air bubbling (冒泡) to the surface. Somehow, the container the teacher gave Wilson to heat mistakenly held something more volatile (易挥发的) than water. When Wilson heated it, the container exploded, leaving Wilson blinded in both eyes. 

1931年的一个雨天，当12岁的约翰·威尔逊走进他的化学教室时，他完全不知道他的生活将彻底改变。那天的课堂实验是为了展示加热一个盛水的容器是如何使鼓泡的空气浮到水面的。不知何故，老师给威尔逊加热的容器错误地装了比水更易挥发的东西。当威尔逊加热它时，容器爆炸了，导致威尔逊双眼失明。

When Wilson returned home from hospital two months later, his parents attempted to find a way to deal with the catastrophe that had happened to their lives. But Wilson did not regard the accident as catastrophic. He learned braille (盲文) quickly and continued his education at Worcester College for the Blind. There, he not only did well as a student but also became an accomplished public speaker. 

两个月后，当威尔逊从医院回到家时，他的父母试图找到一种方法来处理发生在他们生活中的灾难。但威尔逊并不认为这次事故是灾难性的。他很快学会了盲文，并在伍斯特盲人学院继续他的教育。在那里，他不仅是一名优秀的学生，而且成为一名有成就的演说家。

Later, he worked in Africa, where many people suffered from blindness because of lack of proper treatment. For him, it was one thing to accept his own fate of being blind and quite another to allow something to continue when it could be fixed so easily. This moved him to action. And tens of millions in Africa and Asia can see because of the commitment Wilson made to preventing the preventable. 

后来，他在非洲工作，那里许多人因为缺乏适当的治疗而失明。对他来说，接受失明的命运是一回事，而允许可以轻易修复的事情继续下去则完全是另一回事。这促使他采取行动。非洲和亚洲数以千万计的人可以看到，因为威尔逊做出了预防可预防疾病的承诺。

Wilson received several international awards for his great contributions. He lost his sight but found a vision. He proved that it’s not what happens to us that determines our lives-it’s what we make of what happens. 

威尔逊因他的巨大贡献获得了几项国际奖项。他失明了，但又恢复了视力。他证明了不是发生在我们身上的事情决定了我们的生活，而是我们如何看待发生的事情。


已上过，忘记解锁下一篇了！！！！！！！！！！！！！