Save the Species
拯救物种

Wild life has been greatly threatened in the modern age. There are species(物种)that are disappearing every day. The white-naped crane is a typical example. So scientists are trying their best to save the species from going out of existence. 

野生动物在现代受到了极大的威胁。每天都有物种在消失。白枕鹤就是一个典型的例子。因此，科学家们正在尽最大努力拯救这个物种，使其免于灭绝。

Chris and Tim work at a zoo, helping endangered cranes with their reproduction. Emma, a female crane, has been in their care since she arrived in 2004. 

克里斯和蒂姆在动物园工作，帮助濒危的鹤繁殖。艾玛是一只雌性鹤，自2004年来到这里以来，一直由他们照顾。

Born at an international crane foundation, Emma was raised by human caretakers. This led to an unexpected consequence, though she had a wonderful time there. Emma had never taken herself as a crane and became deeply attached to humans. She refused to live with male cranes, and even had a reputation for killing some of them, which made it impossible for her to become a mother. 

艾玛出生在一家国际鹤类基金会，由人类看护人抚养长大。这导致了一个意想不到的结果，尽管她在那里过得很愉快。艾玛从来没有把自己当成一只鹤，而是深深地依恋着人类。她拒绝与雄性鹤生活在一起，甚至有杀死一些雄性鹤的名声，这使得她不可能成为一个母亲。

However, the two zookeepers didn’t want to see the extinction(灭绝)of this precious species. With their patience and efforts, they successfully developed a combination of artificial breeding(人工繁殖)and natural reproduction. This enabled Emma to give birth to five baby cranes. 

然而，这两位动物园管理员不想看到这种珍贵物种的灭绝。在他们的耐心和努力下，他们成功地把人工繁殖和自然繁殖结合起来。这使得艾玛生下了五只小鹤。

The two keepers are proud of their productive work. But before they can be assured, more efforts must be made, because the population of the crane in the wild is on the decline, and many other species appear headed toward extinction. After all, not everyone has realized that wildlife has thoughts, feelings, and most importantly, equal rights to survive. 

这两个饲养员对他们卓有成效的工作感到自豪。但在它们得到保证之前，必须做出更多的努力，因为野生鹤的数量正在下降，许多其他物种似乎正走向灭绝。毕竟，并不是每个人都意识到野生动物有思想、感情，最重要的是，它们有平等的生存权利。

How can we bridge the ever-widening gap that separates us from other animals?Chris and Tim offered us the answer: human beings took it for granted that their brains held all the solutions, but maybe their hearts can be a better guide. 

我们怎样才能弥合我们与其他动物之间日益扩大的鸿沟呢?克里斯和蒂姆为我们提供了答案:人类理所当然地认为他们的大脑掌握着所有的解决方案，但也许他们的心可以成为更好的向导。