Aerobic Workouts Benefit People’s Mental and Physical Health
有氧运动有益于人们的身心健康

Researchers at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center mapped brain changes after a year of aerobic workouts and uncovered a potentially significant process: Exercise increases blood flow into two key areas of the brain associated with memory.

德克萨斯大学西南医学中心(University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center)的研究人员绘制了经过一年有氧运动后大脑的变化，并发现了一个潜在的重要过程:运动促进了大脑中与记忆相关的两个关键区域的血液流动。

The study, published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease, showed this blood flow can help even older people with memory issues improve cognition, a finding that could guide future Alzheimer's disease research, according to UT Southwestern Medical Center.

这项发表在《阿尔茨海默病杂志》上的研究表明，这种血液流动甚至可以帮助有记忆问题的老年人提高认知能力，这一发现可以指导未来的阿尔茨海默病研究，据德克萨斯大学西南医学中心报道。

In the study, researchers followed 30 participants who were 60 or older and had memory problems.Half experienced a year of aerobic exercise while the other half did stretches.“We've shown that even when your memory starts to fade, you can still do something about it by adding aerobic exercise to your lifestyle," said Binu Thomas, a senior research scientist of UT Southwestern Medical Center who led the study.The aerobic exercise group showed a 47% improvement in some memory scores after a year; the other group showed slight change. Brain imaging of the aerobic exercise group, taken while at rest at the beginning and end of the study, showed increased blood flew into the specific brain areas that played important roles in memory function.

在这项研究中，研究人员跟踪了30名年龄在60岁以上、有记忆问题的参与者。其中一半人进行了一年的有氧运动，另一半人进行了拉伸运动。“我们已经证明，即使你的记忆力开始衰退，你仍然可以通过在你的生活方式中加入有氧运动来改善它，”德克萨斯大学西南医学中心的高级研究科学家Binu Thomas说，他领导了这项研究。“一年后，有氧运动组的某些记忆分数提高了47%;另一组略有变化。有氧运动组在研究开始（休息状态）和结束时拍摄的脑成像显示，更多的血液流入特定的大脑区域对记忆功能有着重要的作用。

Many teams across the world are trying to determine if aerobic exercise might fight memory loss.Evidence is growing that it could at least play a small role in delaying or reducing the risk of Alzheimer's disease.For example, a 2018 study showed that people with lower fitness levels experienced faster retrogression of vital nerve fibers in the brain called white matter related to memory.

世界各地的许多团队都在试图确定有氧运动是否可以对抗记忆丧失。越来越多的证据表明，它至少可以在延缓或降低阿尔茨海默病风险方面有一些作用。例如，2018年的一项研究表明，健身水平较低的人大脑中与记忆有关的重要神经纤维白质退化更快。

“Blood flow in the brain connected with memory improvement is still a part of the puzzle, and we need to continue piecing it together," Thomas says. "But we've seen enough data to know that starting a fitness program can have lifelong benefits for our brains as well as our hearts."

Thomas说:“大脑中与记忆改善有关的血液流动仍然是谜题的一部分，我们需要继续把它拼凑起来。”“但我们已经有足够的数据表明，开始一项健身计划对我们的大脑和心脏都终身有益。”