Do Not Judge a Book by Its Cover
不要以貌取人

Six years ago, something unforgettable happened. My wife, Liz, and I celebrated our 50th wedding anniversary that year. It was a lovely event hosted by our sons for us. Many wonderful friends from the past surprised us with presents and congratulations. Our gift to each other was a driving trip out west. We drove from Ontario into Alberta, then southward into Glacier National Park in Montana, and continued to Yellowstone National Park. 

六年前，发生了一件令人难忘的事。那一年，我和妻子莉兹庆祝了我们结婚50周年纪念日。这是我们的儿子们为我们举办的一场可爱的活动。许多过去的好朋友给我们带来了礼物和祝贺。我们送给彼此的礼物是开车去西部旅行。我们从安大略省开车到阿尔伯塔省，然后向南进入蒙大拿州的冰川国家公园，然后继续前往黄石国家公园。

It was a cold spring day, and the Beartooth Highway had opened for the season just days before. Alongside the road, there was still a great amount of snow remaining. The scenery was so impressive that we made numerous stops to record memories with my camera. At roughly the highest point of the highway, I stopped at a lookout to catch the amazing views, with my wife in the center of my camera lens. 

这是一个寒冷的春日，而就在几天前，熊牙公路刚刚开放。路边仍然积着大量的雪。风景是如此令人印象深刻，以至于我们多次停下来用我的相机记录记忆。大约在高速公路的最高点，我在一个瞭望台停下来，捕捉到令人惊叹的景色，我的妻子在我镜头的中心。

There were not many vehicles on the road. Occasionally, cars with energetic young tourists passed by. And then we heard a motorcycle in the distance. The driver of the motorcycle, in rags, parked behind our car. As he approached us, his only words were, "Give me your camera and get over there with your wife. "I must admit I felt nervous that we might be robbed where we just created some beautiful memories. Surprisingly, he just took a picture of us, handed back my camera, and rode off before we could express our gratitude. The photo he took is one of the most cherished and prized of our trip. 

路上没有多少车辆。偶尔会有载着精力充沛的年轻游客的汽车经过。然后我们听到远处有一辆摩托车。摩托车司机衣衫褴褛，停在我们的汽车后面。当他走近我们时，他唯一的话是:“把你的相机给我，和你的妻子一起过去。”我必须承认我很紧张，我们可能会被抢劫，我们刚刚创造了一些美好的回忆。令人惊讶的是，他只是给我们拍了张照片，把相机还给我，在我们表达感谢之前就骑着马走了。他拍的这张照片是我们旅行中最珍贵的照片之一。

I learned my lesson somewhere I least expected it. God judges us just by our hearts, so we should never judge a man by his appearance. If the motorcycle driver reads this story and remembers the situation, we would like to say "thank you" to him. 

我在最意想不到的地方得到了教训。上帝根据我们的心来判断我们，所以我们不应该以貌取人。如果摩托车司机读到这个故事，还记得当时的情况，我们想对他说一声“谢谢”。

主旨大意：我和妻子去庆祝结婚50周年纪念日，在熊牙高速记录美好瞬间时一位摩托骑手帮我们拍照，并让我了解到了我们不要以貌取人。



长难句：
1. I must admit I felt nervous that we might be robbed where we just created some beautiful memories.
主句为 I must admit，从句是由that引导的宾语从句I felt nervous that we might be robbed where we just created some beautiful memories，that省略。在该宾语从句中的主句为I felt nervous，从句为that引导的宾语从句that we might be robbed以及连接副词where在名词性从句中担当状语，作地点状语 where we just created some beautiful memories。

2. I learned my lesson somewhere I least expected it.

主句为I learned my lesson, 从句是由somewhere引导的地点状语从句somewhere I least expected it。



语法点：
1. 结果状语从句：so… that 如此…以至于
The seenery was so impressive that we made numerous stops to record memories with my camera. 主句为The seenery was so impressive…, so后面接形容词或者副词，表示程度。这里的so后接形容词impressive，that引导结果状语从句。

2. 时间状语从句：as 当…时

As he approached us, his only words were…，主句为his only words were…, as引导时间状语从句表示：当…时。

3. 地点状语从句：somewhere

I learned my lesson somewhere I least expected it.引导词somewhere引导地点状语从句。
2. 条件状语从句：if
If the motorcycle driver reads this story and remembers the situation, we would like to say…由if引导的条件状语从句，主句采用一般将来时，从句采用一般现在时。



重点语言点：
drive from sw into sw 从某一个地点驾车前往另一个地点
a great amount of （后接不可数名词） 大量的
the highest point 最高点
amazing view 迷人的景色
in rags 衣衫褴褛
hand back 退还，归还
ride off 离去
express one’s gratitude表示感谢
never judge by one’s appearance 不要以貌取人
would like to do sth. 想要做某事