Davion and His Foster Parent
达维恩和他的养父母

In October 2013, Davion Only made an appeal on the Internet.He had learned that his biological mother had died not long before.”My name is Davion and I've been in foster care （寄养照管） since I was born," he said, “but I'm not giving up hope."

2013年10月，Davion只是在互联网上发出了呼吁。他得知他的生母不久前去世了。他说:“我的名字叫戴维恩，我从出生起就一直在寄养家庭，但我没有放弃希望。”

The heartbreaking appeal spread quickly, and Only's foster agency received calls from more than 10,000 people.Only ended up traveling to Ohio to live with a family.But after only got into a physical fight with one of his elder would-be brothers, the family changed their minds.

这一令人心碎的呼吁迅速传播开来，Only的寄养机构接到了1万多人的电话。最后去了俄亥俄州和一个家庭住在一起。但在与他的一个准哥哥发生肢体冲突后，这家人改变了主意。

Back in Florida, Only passed through four different temporary homes over the following year, until he called Connie Going, his adoption case worker, to make a special request.Only had known Going for nearly ten years, and had asked every year if she would adopt him, but she always hesitated.“I always believed there was a better family than us out there," Going said in an interview.But last July, when Only called and asked again if she might adopt him, Going said something felt different.When he asked me, my heart felt this ache and I just knew he was my son, she said.

回到佛罗里达后，Only在接下来的一年里辗转了四个不同的临时住所，直到他打电话给他的收养工作人员康妮·戈林(Connie Going)，提出了一个特殊要求。我认识戈已经快十年了，每年都问她是否愿意收养他，但她总是犹豫不决。“我一直相信世界上有比我们更好的家庭，”Going在一次采访中说。但去年7月，当Only再次打电话问她是否可以收养他时，go说感觉有些不同。她说:“当他问我的时候，我的心很痛，我只知道他是我的儿子。”

So Going, 52, invited Only to start spending time with the rest of her family-her two daughters, Sydney, 21, and Carly 17, and a son Taylor, 14, who she also adopted out of foster care.Eventually, after seeing how well the arrangement was working, Going, who had rented a bigger home, started adopting Only.Only moved in with her family last December.He officially joined Going's family on April 22, 2015, when the adoption papers went through.

所以，52岁的Going邀请Only和她的其他家人——她的两个女儿，21岁的Sydney和17岁的Carly，以及她从寄养家庭收养的14岁的儿子Taylor一起共度时光。最终，在看到这种安排的效果之后，租了一套更大的房子的戈恩开始收养Only。去年12月才搬来和家人住。2015年4月22日，当收养文件通过时，他正式加入了go的家庭。

Today, I feel blessed and honored to have been chosen to be the parent of all my children, Going said.

“今天，我感到很幸运，也很荣幸被选为我所有孩子的父母。”