Two Stupid Thieves
愚蠢的两名小偷

Police say a man dialed 911 accidentally while he and another man were breaking into a car, unknowingly leading policemen right to their location.The two men, Nathan Teklemariam and Carson Rinehart, both 20, face charges of breaking and entering and possession of stolen property, according to Fox News.

警方表示，一名男子在和另一名男子闯入一辆汽车时不小心拨打了911，在不知不觉中把警察引到了他们的位置。据福克斯新闻报道，这两名男子，内森·特克马里亚姆和卡森·莱因哈特，都是20岁，面临非法闯入和持有赃物的指控。

Fox News explains that the 911 dispatcher could hear people speaking in the background, so he listened to see if anyone was in need of help.It didn't take long for the dispatcher to realize that things were different this time.Soon something he heard attracted his attention.From the tape provided by Fox News, one of the men can be heard saying, "How should we break into an automobile ?"Later, the sounds of a window being broken can be heard followed by a suspect's excited declaration that he found something valuable in the car.

福克斯新闻解释说，911调度员可以听到背景中有人说话，所以他听了听，看看是否有人需要帮助。没过多久调度员就意识到这次情况不同了。不久，他听到的一件事引起了他的注意。从福克斯新闻提供的录音中，可以听到其中一名男子说，“我们该如何撬开一辆汽车?”之后，可以听到窗户被打破的声音，接着是一名嫌疑人兴奋地宣布他在车里发现了一些有价值的东西。

All the while, the dispatcher was listening and seeking clues as to where the two guys might be.Eventually, police were able to locate the two men's spot and followed them.The suspects could be heard talking about why the police were on their tail.

与此同时，调度员一直在倾听，并寻找这两个人可能在哪里的线索。最终，警方找到了这两名男子的位置，并跟踪了他们。可以听到嫌疑人在谈论警察为什么跟踪他们。

The mystery was solved when the police pulled them over.Playing it straight, a police officer asked one of the suspects if he had anything in the vehicle that "shouldn't be in the vehicle."The man said he didn't, but a quick search of the car led to the stolen property.The men were confused.They didn't know why the police came to them so quickly.When they were told the reason, one of the suspects asked, "We really called 911? Damn."

警察把他们拦在路边，谜底就解开了。一名警官直截了当地问其中一名嫌疑人，他的车里是否有什么“不应该在车里”的东西。该男子说他没有，但经过对汽车的快速搜查，找到了被盗物品。男人们很困惑。他们不知道警察为什么这么快就来找他们。当他们被告知原因时，其中一名嫌疑人问道:“我们真的打了911吗?该死的。”