Hamburg’s Fashion
汉堡市的时尚

I have recently moved to Hamburg in Germany and have always heard that Germans just wear jeans or some strange clothes.Since I have moved here though, I have found this to actually be completely false and I think I would prefer it if they did just wear jeans, so I could do the same!

我最近搬到了德国汉堡，一直听说德国人只穿牛仔裤或一些奇怪的衣服。自从我搬到这里，我发现这实际上是完全错误的，我想我更希望他们只穿牛仔裤，所以我也可以这样做!

Hamburg is a very big shopping city.Apart from H&M, New Yorker, and Mango, I have found a New Look and a new Topshop has recently just opened.These shops are quite popular shops in the UK and sell clothes which are always considered very "fashionable".

汉堡是一个很大的购物城市。除了H&M、New Yorker和Mango，我还发现了New Look和最近新开的Topshop。这些商店在英国很受欢迎，卖的衣服总是被认为是非常“时尚”的。

Another thing I am really struggling with, as well as trying to be fashionable, I am trying to find the right clothes for the weather.I have found in Hamburg one minute it is nice and sunny but the next minute it is throwing it down with rain!One day it might start off really rainy and cold but by lunchtime it is sunny and really hot, so wearing a coat is not practical.

另一件我很纠结的事是，除了想要时尚，我还在努力寻找适合天气的衣服。我发现汉堡前一分钟还是阳光明媚，但下一分钟就下雨了!某天开始可能下着雨，天气很冷，但到了午餐时间，天气就晴朗而炎热了，所以穿外套是不现实的。

In general, however, I think it has also got cold here very quickly and it already feels like the winter that I am used to.I frequently go out in my winter coat, hat, gloves, and scarf while many other people are still only wearing jeans or leather jackets.I don't understand how they do it as I am always freezing.Is it better to blend（使混合）in with fashion or be warm?I think I would rather be warm and maybe look like a bit of a banana in a huge coat rather than be 【shivering】 all day.

不过，总的来说，我认为这里的天气也变冷得很快，感觉已经像我习惯的冬天了。我经常穿着冬衣，戴着帽子，戴着手套，围着围巾出门，而很多人还只穿着牛仔裤或皮夹克。我不明白他们是怎么做到的，因为我总是很冷。是搭配时尚好，还是保暖好?我想我宁愿暖和一点，也许穿着一件大外套看起来像个香蕉，也不愿整天发抖。

What do you think?Clearly, I am missing something here as I seem to be the only one struggling over these fashion decisions.

你觉得呢?显然，我遗漏了一些东西，因为我似乎是唯一一个在这些时尚决定上挣扎的人。