The Portion of Food
食物的份量

“Clean your plate!” Just about every kid in the US has heard this from a parent.Often, it is accompanied by an appeal: “Just think about those starving orphans in Africa!” Sure, we should be grateful for every bite of food.Unfortunately, many people in the US take too many bites.Instead of staying “clean the plate”, perhaps we should save some food for tomorrow.

“把盘里的食物吃完!”在美国，几乎每个孩子都从父母那里听到过这句话。通常，广告还会附上这样的呼吁:“想想非洲那些挨饿的孤儿吧!”我们当然应该对每一口食物心存感激。不幸的是，很多美国人吃太多。与其继续“吃光食物”，也许我们应该为明天留一些食物。

According to news reports, US restaurants are partly to blame for the growing bellies.A waiter puts a plate of food in front of each customer, with two to four times the amount recommended by the government, according to a USA Today story.Americans traditionally associate quantity with value and most restaurants try to give them that.They prefer to have customers complain about too much food rather than too little.

据新闻报道，美国餐馆要为人们越来越大的肚子负部分责任。据《今日美国》报道，服务员会给每位顾客端上一盘食物，分量是政府推荐量的2到4倍。美国人传统上把数量与价值联系在一起，大多数餐馆都试图给他们提供这样的服务。他们更愿意让顾客抱怨食物太多，而不是太少。

Barbara Rolls, a nutrition professor at Pennsylvania State University, told USA Today that restaurant portion sizes began to grow in the 1970s, the same time that the American waistline began to expand.

宾夕法尼亚州立大学营养学教授芭芭拉·罗尔斯在接受《今日美国》采访时表示，餐馆的食物份量从20世纪70年代开始增加，与此同时美国人的腰围也开始变大。

Health experts have tried to get many restaurants to serve smaller portions.Now, apparently, some customers are calling for this too.The restaurant industry trade believed restaurants serve portions that are too large; 23 percent had no opinion; 20 percent disagreed.But a closer look at the survey indicates that many Americans who can't afford fine dining still prefer large portions.70 percent of those earning at least ＄150,000 per year prefer smaller portions; but only 45 percent of those earning less than＄25,000 want smaller.

健康专家试图让许多餐馆减少食物的份量。现在，很明显，一些客户也在呼吁这样做。餐饮业认为，餐馆提供的份量过大;23%的人没有意见;20%的人不同意。但仔细研究这项调查发现，许多负担不起高级餐饮的美国人仍然喜欢大份量的食物。在年收入至少15万美元的人群中，70%的人更喜欢少吃;但在收入低于2.5万美元的人群中，只有45%的人想要更小量的食物。

It's not that working class Americans don't want to eat healthy.It's just that, after long hours at low-paying jobs, getting less on their plate hardly seems like a good deal.They live from paycheck to paycheck, happy to save a little money for next year's Christmas presents.

这并不是说美国工人阶级不想吃得健康。只是，在长时间从事低薪工作后，减少食物量似乎不太划算。他们生活拮据，很乐意为明年的圣诞礼物省下一点钱。