Is Questioning Authority Impolite?
质疑权威不礼貌吗？

In many countries, authority is seldom questioned, either because it is highly respected, or because it is feared. Because rank has been important in certain societies for a long time, people have been trained never to question those in authority. For example, children are not expected to question their teachers in school. It may be considered improper for young businessmen to suggest ideas that differ from those of older, more experienced members of the business. 

在许多国家，权威很少受到质疑，要么是因为它受到高度尊重，要么是因为它令人畏惧。长期以来，在某些社会中，等级一直很重要，因此人们被训练成永远不要质疑当权者。例如，孩子们不应该在学校里质疑老师。年轻的商人提出与年长的、更有经验的企业成员不同的想法可能被认为是不合适的。

In other countries, including America, children are trained to question and search for answers. When a child asks a question, he will often be told to go to the library and find the answer for himself. By the time students reach the age of 14 or 15, they may be developing exciting new ideas in all fields of science and arts. To encourage such creativity, there are many national prizes offered to students every year for their scientific discoveries and artistic accomplishments. 

在包括美国在内的其他国家，孩子们被训练提出问题并寻求答案。当一个孩子问一个问题时，他经常会被告知去图书馆自己找答案。当学生达到14或15岁时，他们可能会在科学和艺术的各个领域产生令人兴奋的新想法。为了鼓励这种创造力，每年都有许多国家奖项颁发给学生，以表彰他们的科学发现和艺术成就。

This interest in questioning and searching may be considered by some people as bad for young people's manners, that young people lack respect for authority. This impression may be created when visitors notice young Americans asking questions and arguing with older people. However, this is because many Americans have a different attitude toward authority than may exist in other areas of the world. In a work or business situation, ideas are freely and openly discussed and argued. It is important to remember that it is the person's ideas that are being questioned, not the individual himself. The two are quite separate. The purpose of searching, questioning, and arguing is to find the facts in a particular situation, and therefore a solution, so that the work of the business can progress in the most effective manner possible. 

有些人可能会认为，这种对提问和探索的兴趣不利于年轻人的举止，因为年轻人缺乏对权威的尊重。当游客注意到美国年轻人向老年人提问和争论时，可能会产生这种印象。然而，这是因为许多美国人对权威的态度与世界其他地区不同。在工作或商业环境中，想法可以自由公开地讨论和争论。重要的是要记住，被质疑的是这个人的想法，而不是这个人自己。这两者是完全不同的。搜索、质疑和争论的目的是在特定情况下找到事实，从而找到解决方案，以便业务工作能够以最有效的方式进行。

As was mentioned earlier, you may notice the same questioning in social conversations. Although some individuals may think that Americans are rude because of the direct manner with people, they are merely trying to learn more about your ideas. 

正如前面提到的，你可能会在社交对话中注意到同样的问题。虽然有些人可能会认为美国人粗鲁，因为他们对人的态度直接，但他们只是想更多地了解你的想法。

主旨大意：一些国家质疑权威是不礼貌的，而在美国等其他国家这是可以接受的。

长难句：
1. It may be considered improper for young businessmen to suggest ideas that differ from those of older, more experienced members of the business.
主句为it may be considered improper...其中it为形式主语，improper为主语补足语。真正的主语为to suggest ideas...，关系代词that引导的定语从句修饰先行词ideas。

2. To encourage such creativity, there are many national prizes offered to students every year for their scientific discoveries and artistic accomplishments

主句为there be句型：there are many national prizes...句首的to encourage such creativity是动词不定式结构作目的状语。过去分词offered作后置定语，修饰prizes。因为prize和offer是动宾关系，所以offer因用其过去分词形式表示被动关系，to后面的students为间接宾语。

3. This interest in questioning and searching may be considered by some people as bad for young people’s manners that young people lack respect for authority.

主句为this interest may be considered as bad...其中in questioning and searching为介词短语作定语修饰interest。主句为被动语态，by引出施动者some people。后半句是连词that引导的同位语从句进一步解释前面的people’s manners
4. However, this is because many Americans have a different attitude toward authority than may exist in other areas of the world.
主句为this is because...其中because many Americans have a different attitude toward authority than may exist in other areas of the world为表语从句，作is的表语。表语从句中a different attitude为宾语，than引导的限制性定语从句，后面省略了主语what，便可以理解成than what may exist in other areas of the world, what相当于先行词，即是attitude。
5. It is important to remember that it is the person’s ideas that are being questioned, not the individual himself.
主句为it is important...，其中that引导的主语从句为真正的主语。主语从句中it is the person’s ideas为主句部分，第二个关系代词that引导的限制性定语从句，修饰ideas。限制性定语从句中为现在进行时的被动语态。

6. Although some individual may think that Americans are rude because of the direct manner with people, they are merely trying to learn more about your ideas.

主句为they are merely trying to learn more...，从句为although引导的让步状语从句。从句中think后有由that引导的宾语从句。

语法点：
1. 主语从句：形式主语it
文中It may be considered improper for young businessmen to suggest ideas...为主语从句，为避免句子头重脚轻，将it作为形式主语放句首，真正的主语由动词不定式to suggest ideas...放在句末，使阅读更顺畅，for young businessmen表示“对于年轻的商人”。
2. 限制性定语从句：
文中 ideas that differ from those of older, more experienced members of the business.包含由关系代词that引导的限制性定语从句，修饰先行词ideas。因为that在定语从句中为主语，所以that不可以被省略。

3. 非谓语动词：过去分词作后置定语

文中offered为过去分词作后置定语，因为被修饰词和动词offer为被动关系，所以用过去分词。

4. 非谓语动词：现在分词作宾语补足语

文中visitors notice young Americans asking questions and arguing with older people.的asking和arguing为ask和argue的现在分词作宾语补足语，其中宾语是young Americans。现在分词作宾补，表示宾语发出的动作正在进行和发生。
5. 主语从句
文中It is important to remember that it is the person’s ideas为主语从句。It为形式主语。因为为避免句子头重脚轻，将it作为形式主语放句首，真正的主语由that引导的it is the person’s ideas...放在句末，使阅读更顺畅。
6. 非谓语动词：动名词
文中The purpose of the searching, questioning, and arguing中的searching和questioning以及arguing分别为search,question和argue的动名词形式。动名词是名词化的动词，可以充当主语、表语、动词宾语、介词宾语和定语。

7. 形容词作名词

文中the same questioning in social conversations.中the same为形容词作名词使用，表示这一类事物。
8. 宾语从句：
文中think that Americans are rude because of the direct manner with people
为that引导的宾语从句，宾语从句可以充当句子中的宾语成分。