Slide With Kids
跟孩子一起滑滑梯

New research, presented on Monday, suggests that parents who go down slides with their kids are actually making slides even riskier for their little ones. 

周一公布的一项新研究表明，和孩子一起滑滑梯的父母实际上是在让他们的孩子更危险。

Led by Dr.  Charles Jennissen, a professor at the University of Iowa, the research found that placing children （especially infants and toddlers蹒跚学步的小孩） on adult laps increases the risk of injury to their lower legs, including broken bones. 

由爱荷华大学教授查尔斯·詹尼森博士领导的这项研究发现，将儿童(尤其是婴幼儿蹒跚)放在成人腿上会增加他们小腿受伤的风险，包括骨折。

I've seen a lot of these injuries all through my career, and I hadn't seen anybody talk about this problem, says Jennissen. 

在我的职业生涯中，我见过很多这样的伤病，但我还没有见过任何人谈论这个问题，珍妮森说。

So Jennissen and his colleagues found that about 350,000 children under the age of six were injured on slides in the U. S.  from 2002 to 2015. Injuries were most common among kids from 12-23 months of age, and the most common injury was lower leg fractures （骨折）. 

因此，杰尼森和他的同事发现，从2002年到2015年，美国约有35万名6岁以下的儿童在滑梯上受伤。伤害在12-23个月大的孩子中最常见，最常见的伤害是小腿骨折。

The researchers found that 94 percent of 600 cases include lower leg injuries. This is important because that's not how a kid falling off a slide alone would usually get hurt. The fact that so many kids are getting lower leg injuries—and that those injuries seem to get less common as kids get older—suggests something else is at play. 

研究人员发现，600例病例中有94%包括小腿受伤。这很重要，因为这不是一个孩子独自从滑梯上摔下来通常会受伤的方式。有这么多的孩子小腿受伤——而且随着孩子年龄的增长，这些伤害似乎越来越不常见——这一事实表明，还有别的原因在起作用。

Jennissen thinks that when children are sliding alone, they aren't going fast enough or carrying enough body weight to hurt themselves. When they're sitting on an adult's lap and their foot gets caught, they have the added momentum of an adult body. 

杰尼森认为，当孩子们独自滑行时，他们的速度不够快，也没有足够的体重来伤害自己。当他们坐在一个成年人的腿上，他们的脚被抓住时，他们有一个成年人身体的额外动量。

We think a lot of these lower extremity injuries are because they're on the lap, says Jennissen. We don't know that for sure, because no parents say that.  But from my experience, and the data that suggests it, we think almost all of these are kids are on the lap. 

我们认为很多下肢受伤是因为他们在腿上，珍妮森说。我们不确定，因为没有父母这么说。但从我的经验和数据来看，我们认为几乎所有这些孩子都是坐在膝盖上的。

Jennissen isn't arguing that you should never go down the slide with your kid—he agrees that it's fun and that he's done it with his own kids—but he thinks adults should realize the risks. 

杰尼森并不是说你不应该和你的孩子一起滑滑梯——他同意这很有趣，他也和自己的孩子一起滑过——但他认为成年人应该意识到其中的风险。

主旨大意：滑滑梯时，父母把孩子放在他们的膝盖上会增加孩子受伤的风险。



长难句：
1. A new research, presented on Monday, suggests that parents who go down slides with their kids are actually making slides even riskier for their little ones.
在这句话中，主句A new research suggests that parents are actually making slides even riskier for their little ones，其中presented on Monday作后置定语，修饰research，suggest that 接了一个宾语从句。who引导了一个定语从句，修饰先行词parents。

2. The fact that so many kids are getting lower leg injuries—and that those injuries seem to get less common as kids get older—suggests something else is at play.

在这句话中，主句是The fact suggests something else is at play ，其中连词that引导同位语从句，在句子中不担任句子成分，进一步解释说明fact。

3. Jennissen thinks that when children are sliding alone, they aren’t going fast enough or carrying enough body weight to hurt themselves.

这句话的主干是Jennissen thinks that，that引导了一个宾语从句when children are sliding alone, they aren’t going fast enough or carrying enough body weight to hurt themselves，在宾语从句中主干是 they aren’t going fast enough or carrying enough body weight to hurt themselves，when引导了时间状语从句。

4. But from my experience, and the data that suggests it, we think almost all of these are kids are on the lap."

主语为we，主干是we think。后面是省略that的宾语从句almost all of these are kids are on the lap, 其中these are后面省略了由that引导的表语从句kids are on the lap。the data后面是由that引导的限制性定语从句，修饰the data。



语言点：
1. 定语从句
A new research, presented on Monday, suggests that parents who …ones，who引导了一个定语从句，先行词是parents，who在定语从句中作主语。

2. 非谓语动词：过去分词作定语

Led by Dr. Charles Jennissen, a professor at the University of Iowa, the research found that ...，在这句话中，led是过去分词作定语，修饰a professor at the University of Iowa。



重点语言点：
go down slides 滑滑梯
infants and toddlers蹒跚学步的小孩
increases the risk of injury 增加受伤的风险
under the age of 在…年龄下
from…to 从…到
lower leg fractures 小腿骨折
fall off 摔下
get hurt 受伤
at play 在游戏中，在玩耍
fast enough 足够快
for sure确实，毫无疑问地