An APP— Analyzing the Relation of Smoking, Body Health and Air Quality
一款研究烟雾、身体健康以及空气质量的应用程序

Have you ever wondered how many cigarettes you're passively smoking while walking through the streets of a polluted, smog-infused（烟雾笼罩的）city?No?Well, a pair of digital developers just invented an app that will definitely and accurately answer that question.

你有没有想过，当你走在一个污染严重、烟雾弥漫的城市的街道上时，你被动地吸了多少支烟?没有?一对数字开发人员刚刚发明了一款应用程序，可以明确准确地回答这个问题。

Shit, I Smoke!was created by Brazilian-born designer Marcelo Coelho and Paris-born app developer Amaury Martiny just a week, after they read a study that analyzed air pollution and its equivalent（等量）to cigarette smoking.The article, co-written by Richard Mueller, a MacArthur fellow and physics professor at the University of California, Berkeley, explains a mathematical model that compares smoking and tobacco-related deaths to levels of PM2.5, a microscopic particle（微粒）that is a dangerous, cancerous pollutant after burning.

妈的，我抽烟!是由巴西出生的设计师马塞洛·科埃略和巴黎出生的应用程序开发人员阿莫里·马蒂尼在阅读了一项分析空气污染及其与吸烟等同的研究后，仅仅一周就创建的。这篇文章是由麦克阿瑟奖获得者、加州大学伯克利分校物理学教授理查德·穆勒(Richard Mueller)共同撰写的，他解释了一个数学模型，该模型将吸烟和与烟草有关的死亡与PM2.5水平进行比较。PM2.5是一种微观颗粒，燃烧后是一种危险的致癌污染物。

The app shows that Parisians can effectively inhale（吸入） between three and six cigarettes per day, while a person in Delhi could be smoking up to 20 cigarettes-without even touching one--on a bad day.Other cities have worrying numbers, too （6.5 cigarettes daily in Mexico City ）.

该应用程序显示，巴黎人每天可以吸3到6支烟，而德里的人在糟糕的一天里可能会吸多达20支烟，甚至一支也不沾。其他城市也有令人担忧的数字(墨西哥城每天6.5支香烟)。

“I was surprised to see that Buenos Aires and Sao Paulo have the best air quality in all Latin America, despite the fact that these are heavily populated cities,” said Coelho, who's originally from the latter, Brazil's largest city.

来自巴西最大城市布宜诺斯艾利斯的科埃略说:“我很惊讶地发现，布宜诺斯艾利斯和圣保罗的空气质量在整个拉丁美洲都是最好的，尽管这些城市人口稠密。”

For both Coelho and Martiny, the app isn't only a useful tool to inform users about their city's air quality; it also makes this information more accessible and easier to understand.“These air-quality monitoring stations are just numbers, numbers that are very specific to professionals who work in environmental issues,” Martiny said.“So when you make this conversion（转换）to cigarettes, it makes it easier to understand what people are dealing with and the consequences air quality has in their daily lives.”

对科埃略和马丁尼来说，这款应用不仅是一个有用的工具，可以让用户了解他们城市的空气质量;它还使这些信息更易于访问和理解。马丁尼说:“这些空气质量监测站只是数字，这些数字是专门针对从事环境问题工作的专业人士的。”“因此，当你将这种转换为香烟时，就更容易理解人们正在处理的问题以及空气质量对他们日常生活的影响。”

The developers' plan now is to keep working on and enriching the app's features.This will most likely include monthly average cigarette rates, and enabling users to get data from cities other than the one they're in.

开发人员现在的计划是继续开发和丰富应用程序的功能。这很可能包括每月平均香烟价格，并使用户能够获得他们所在城市以外的城市的数据。