Seize the Moment
把握当下

I desperately needed to write.Eighty percent of the way getting through my PhD., with revisions to make and two more chapters to complete, I felt increasing pressure to get words on paper.But my love of writing disappeared because of the inflexible essay structures of high school.I would sit at my computer late into the night, forcing the words out at turtle speed.

我迫切需要写作。我的博士学位已经完成了80%，还要修改，还有两章要完成，我感到越来越大的压力要把单词写在纸上。但我对写作的热爱消失了，因为高中作文结构僵化。我会坐在电脑前直到深夜，以乌龟般的速度把单词挤出来。

Before my twins were born, I had pictured polishing my paper while the babies slept soundly.But from the day my twins were born, I felt I had no time to do anything besides care for them, let alone write.

在我的双胞胎出生之前，我想象着在孩子们熟睡的时候，我在润色我的论文。但从我的双胞胎出生那天起，我就觉得除了照顾他们，我没有时间做任何事情，更不用说写作了。

After my fingers came nowhere close to a keyboard for 6 weeks and the date for handing in the paper was approaching, I decided enough was enough.

我的手指已经有6周没有碰过键盘了，交论文的日期也快到了，我决定受够了。

I would just have to use the rare minutes I had.As soon as my babies fell asleep, I flew to my computer, a sentence already formed in my mind. I determined to see whether I could land those words on the page before the babies realized I was gone.

我只需要利用我所拥有的难得的几分钟。孩子们一睡着，我就飞到电脑前，脑子里已经有了一个句子。我决定看看我能否在孩子们意识到我走了之前把这些词写在电脑上。

In the weeks that followed, I continued what I named “microwriting”.Sometimes a baby would wake even before I made it to the computer.Those days filled me with fears that I would never finish my paper.But those moments also hardened my determination; I had no choice but to try again tomorrow.

在接下来的几个星期里，我继续我所谓的“微写作”。有时我还没走到电脑前，婴儿就醒了。那些日子里，我害怕我永远也写不完我的论文。但这些时刻也坚定了我的决心;我别无选择，只能明天再试一次。

Over time, a sentence gradually turned into a paragraph and then a page.Even when I only got one word down, it was still one step forward.And as I learned to savor my limited writing time, my love for it returned.I've learned there is never a perfect time to write.I have to carve out moments when I can, and value each opportunity to get words on paper.The time to write is now.

随着时间的推移，一个句子逐渐变成一个段落，然后是一页。即使我只记了一个单词，也已经向前迈进了一步。当我学会享受有限的写作时间时，我对写作的热爱又回来了。我明白了写作从来没有最佳时机。我必须尽可能地挤出时间，珍惜每一个把话写在纸上的机会。现在就是写作的时候。