TV Steals Human Beings Time
电视偷走了人们的时间

When Pope Francis recently told a reporter that he stopped watching television 25 years ago, it reminded me that several of my friends had gone TV-free as well. They had really quit TV?It seemed fairly unlikely. 

教皇方济各(Pope Francis)最近告诉记者，他25年前就不看电视了，这让我想起我的几个朋友也不看电视了。他们真的不看电视了?这似乎不大可能。

And so it was. It turned out that most Americans who "cut the cord " are not getting rid of their TV sets. What they're doing, like my friends, is canceling their cable or satellite TV contracts. Not such a major move, but nice cost savings. You can still watch lots of TV programming these days on your computer or TV by subscribing to an online streaming service. Netflix is currently the most popular of those. 

事实也的确如此。事实证明，大多数“断线”的美国人并没有扔掉他们的电视机。他们所做的，就像我的朋友们一样，是取消他们的有线或卫星电视合同。这不是一个重大的举措，但节省了不少成本。如今，通过订阅在线流媒体服务，你仍然可以在电脑或电视上观看很多电视节目。Netflix目前是其中最受欢迎的。

There is, however, a small group of the population that has adopted a true zero-tolerance policy when it comes to television. Listen to what was said about TV by none other than Randy Pausch, a Carnegie Mellon professor In 2010 following his terminal cancer diagnosis, he called out TV as the enemy of productivity. If you really want to have time back in your life, he said, "Unplug your TV and put it in a closet and put a blanket over it. "

然而，有一小部分人在看电视时采取了真正的零容忍政策。来听听卡内基梅隆大学(Carnegie Mellon)教授兰迪·鲍什(Randy Pausch)对电视的看法。2010年，在被诊断出癌症晚期后，他称电视是生产力的敌人。他说，如果你真的想让时间回到你的生活中，“拔掉电视的插头，把它放在壁橱里，在上面盖上毯子。”

My friend Laura Schiff, a former journalist, appreciates that point all too well. Television always felt like a waste of time, she told me the other day. When her old TV failed, she decided not to replace it. No regrets.  Without TV I get a much deeper understanding of the world and what's going on around us. The amazing irony （讽刺）: Schiff's late father, Arthur Schiff was the genius behind such memorable TV marketing catchphrases （广告语） as "Act now and you'll also receive. . . " and "But wait, there's more!"

我的朋友劳拉·希夫(Laura Schiff)曾是一名记者，她非常理解这一点。她有一天告诉我，看电视总让人觉得是在浪费时间。她的旧电视机坏了，她决定不换新的。没有遗憾。没有电视，我对世界和我们周围发生的事情有了更深的了解。令人惊奇的讽刺是:希夫已故的父亲亚瑟·希夫是那些令人难忘的电视营销口号背后的天才，比如“现在行动，你还会收到……”和“等等，还有更多!”

For some Americans, there is no "more". There is already too, too much 一 too much stupid programming and too many commercials for products no one needs. Most of all, “TV robs us of our precious time," as author Joshua Fields Millbum said in his book, Everything That Remains. 

对一些美国人来说，没有“更多”。现在已经有太多太多了——太多愚蠢的节目和太多没人需要的产品的广告。最重要的是，“电视夺走了我们宝贵的时间”，正如作家约书亚·菲尔兹·米尔本在他的书《剩下的一切》中所说。