Taking Actions
行动起来

A typical lion tamer（驯兽师）in people's mind is an entertainer holding a whip （鞭）and a chair. The whip gets all of the attention, but it's mostly for show. In reality, it's the chair that does the important work. When a lion tamer holds a chair in front of the lion's face, the lion tries to focus on all four legs of the chair at the same time. With its focus divided, the lion becomes confused and is unsure about what to do next. When faced with so many options, the lion chooses to freeze and wait instead of attacking the man holding the chair. 

在人们的印象中，典型的驯狮人是一个拿着鞭子和椅子的艺人。鞭子吸引了所有的注意力，但它主要是作秀。实际上，是椅子做了重要的工作。当驯兽师把椅子举到狮子面前时，狮子会试图同时注意椅子的四条腿。由于注意力分散，狮子变得困惑，不确定下一步该做什么。面对如此多的选择，狮子选择静止等待，而不是攻击拿着椅子的人。

How often do you find yourself in the same position as the lion?How often do you have something you want to achieve（for example,  lose weight, start a business, travel more）--- only to end up confused by all of the options in front of you and never make progress?

你有多少次发现自己和狮子处于同样的境地?你多久会有一次想要实现的目标?减肥、创业、旅行)——最后却被面前的所有选择搞糊涂了，从来没有取得任何进展?

This upsets me to no end because while all the experts are busy debating about which option is best, the people who want to improve their lives are left confused by all of the conflicting information. The end result is that we feel like we can't focus or that we're focused on the wrong things, and so we take less action, make less progress, and stay the same when we could be improving. 

这让我心烦意乱，因为当所有的专家都在忙着争论哪个选择是最好的时候，那些想要改善生活的人却被所有相互矛盾的信息所迷惑。最终的结果是，我们觉得我们无法集中注意力，或者我们把注意力集中在错误的事情上，所以我们采取的行动更少，进步更少，在我们可以提高的时候保持不变。

You know, it doesn't have to be that way. Anytime you find the world waving a chair in your face, remember this: All you need to do is focus on one thing. You just need to get started. Starting before you feel ready is one of the habits of successful people. If you have somewhere you want to go, something you want to accomplish, someone you want to become … take immediate action. If you're clear about where you want to go, the rest of the world will either help you get there or get out of the way.

事情并不一定要这样。当你发现这个世界在你面前挥舞一把椅子时，记住这一点:你所需要做的就是专注于一件事。你只需要开始。在你觉得准备好之前就开始是成功人士的习惯之一。如果你有你想去的地方，你想完成的事情，你想成为的人，立即采取行动。如果你清楚自己想要去的地方，世界上的其他人要么会帮助你到达那里，要么会让路。