Are You a Victim of Soft Drinks？
你是软饮料的受害者吗？

Despite many public health campaigns to highlight various problems with sugary drinks, we drink them a lot.But, not everyone consumes them.Two new studies shed light on the fact that some of us easily fall victim to the harms of sugary drinks than others.

尽管有许多公共健康运动强调含糖饮料的各种问题，但我们还是喝了很多。但是，并不是每个人都吃它们。两项新的研究揭示了这样一个事实:我们中的一些人比其他人更容易成为含糖饮料危害的受害者。

Though sugary drinks are everywhere, some people find them harder to resist and the first study, conducted by professor Joshua McGreen at Flinders University, sought to understand why.For the research, 128 young adults of 17 to 25 completed a computer test evaluating their attitudes about soft drinks, measured against their soft drink consumption.The study showed that the more unconscious positive judgments individuals had of soft drink advertising, the more soft drink they consumed.It also found that a lack of inhibitory control, which is the cognitive process that allows us to control our desires — say, to buy a nice-tasting soft drink even though we know it's unhealthy — was also a factor in increased consumption.

尽管含糖饮料无处不在，但有些人还是难以抗拒。弗林德斯大学的约书亚·麦格林教授进行的第一项研究试图找出其中的原因。在这项研究中，128名17至25岁的年轻人完成了一项计算机测试，评估他们对软饮料的态度，并与他们的软饮料消费量相比较。研究表明，人们对软饮料广告的无意识积极评价越多，他们就会喝更多的软饮料。研究还发现，缺乏抑制控制也是导致饮酒量增加的一个因素。抑制控制是一种认知过程，可以让我们控制自己的欲望——比如，即使知道不健康，也要买一杯味道不错的软饮料。

A second study provides clues about who is more easily influenced by the marketing strategies.The study found that soft drink companies, like Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, have multi-billion dollar advertising and marketing budgets aimed to “create, maintain and increase consumer demand around benefits related to happiness, social status etc.”.These campaigns are “increasingly being directed at disadvantaged groups”, including children and adolescents generally, and people living in disadvantaged neighborhoods.

第二项研究提供了哪些人更容易受到营销策略影响的线索。研究发现，可口可乐和百事可乐等软饮料公司有数十亿美元的广告和营销预算，旨在“围绕幸福、社会地位等相关福利创造、维持和增加消费者需求”。这些运动“越来越多地针对弱势群体”，包括儿童和青少年，以及生活在弱势社区的人。

Soft drinks, even “zero-sugar” ones, are typically high in calories, but of little nutritional benefit.Placing a tax on sweet drinks may be one strategy to reduce people's consumption.McGreen also suggests that people develop strong self-control of soft drink consumption.It's something he wants to research further.He adds, “I would also like to ban advertisements for soft drinks for sports or programs that appeal to children.It is specially important for sports people to stop being walking billboards for junk food and drinks.”

软饮料，即使是“零糖”饮料，通常都是高热量的，但几乎没有营养价值。对甜饮料征税可能是减少人们消费的一种策略。麦格林还建议人们对软饮料的消费要有很强的自制力。这是他想进一步研究的东西。他补充说:“我还想禁止针对运动或吸引儿童的节目的软饮料广告。尤其重要的是，运动人士不要再成为垃圾食品和饮料的行走广告牌。”