The Facts About Lying
关于说谎的事实

Would it surprise you to learn that the vast majority of adults—around 75 percent—tell up to two lies every day?What this suggests then is that you've probably told a lie or two in the past 24 hours and chances are you've also been lied to.

如果你知道绝大多数成年人(约75%)每天说两次谎，你会感到惊讶吗?这表明，在过去的24小时内，你可能说过一两次谎，你也可能被骗过。

Before you start protesting your innocence or confronting loved ones and colleagues, though, it's worth noting that the bulk of these lies fall into the “hardly worth mentioning” category.Think little white lies such as attempting to spare someone's feelings or gently twisting the facts to avoid looking-bad.People tell lies for a variety of reasons.Less than 12 percent of lies can be categorized as “big lies”—and these are usually the ones that really matter.An example of a big lie, according to the study's authors, would be saying “I love you” without being sincere.

然而，在你开始抗议自己的清白或面对亲人和同事之前，值得注意的是，这些谎言大部分都属于“不值一提”的类别。想想一些善意的谎言，比如试图照顾别人的感受，或者轻微地扭曲事实以避免看起来很糟糕。人们说谎的原因多种多样。只有不到12%的谎言可以被归类为“弥天大谎”——这些通常是真正重要的谎言。根据该研究的作者，一个弥天大谎的例子是，说“我爱你”时并不真诚。

So, are there any body language giveaways that can help “out” someone who's lying?Back in 2015, University of Michigan researchers identified some common behaviors among liars, including frowning or grimacing (扮怪相), looking directly at the questioner in a bid to appear trustworthy, and overcompensating by gesturing with both hands.A more recent study found that liars may unconsciously mimic the body language of those around them while their brains are otherwise engaged in telling lies.However, to establish a connection with a new person, that will make them feel that there is something about you that they like.It's also worth looking out for the “eye dart”: when we glance to the left, we're attempting to recall facts and events; when we look to the right, we're thinking more creatively.

那么，有没有什么肢体语言可以帮助说谎的人“暴露”呢?早在2015年，密歇根大学的研究人员就发现了说谎者的一些常见行为，包括皱眉或做鬼脸(扮怪相)，直视提问者以表现出值得信赖，以及用双手做手势来过分弥补。最近的一项研究发现，说谎者可能会无意识地模仿周围人的肢体语言，而他们的大脑却在说谎。然而，与一个陌生人建立联系，会让他们觉得你有他们喜欢的地方。同样值得注意的是“眼睛飞掠”:当我们瞥向左边时，我们是在试图回忆事实和事件;当我们向右看时，我们正在创造性地思考。

Vocal factors can offer a good clue, too.People who are being deliberately dishonest — or who lack certainty in what they're saying—tend to speak slower and place less emphasis on the middle of words.It's important to remember though that none of these pointers offer undeniable evidence that you're dealing with a liar.After all, some people just grimace (做鬼脸) more or speak slower than others.

声音因素也能提供很好的线索。那些故意不诚实的人——或者对自己所说的话缺乏确定性的人——往往会说得慢一些，也不太强调词中间的部分。重要的是要记住，这些建议都不能提供无可辩驳的证据，证明你在和骗子打交道。毕竟，有些人只是比其他人做更多鬼脸或说话更慢。