Wag Tails
摇尾巴

Dogs wag（摇摆） their tails in different directions depending on whether they are excited and wanting to move forward or threatened and thinking of moving back, a study has found.

一项研究发现，狗狗会根据它们是兴奋、想要前进，还是受到威胁、想要后退，向不同的方向摇摆尾巴。

Researchers in Italy examined the tail-wagging behavior of 30 dogs, catching their responses to a range of stimuli（刺激物） with video cameras.To conduct the study they chose 15 male dogs and 15 female ones aged between one and six years.The dogs were all family pets whose owners had allowed them to take part in the experiment at Bari University.The dogs were placed in a large wooden box with an opening at the front to allow them to view various stimuli.They were tested one at a time.

意大利的研究人员研究了30只狗摇尾巴的行为，用摄像机捕捉它们对一系列刺激的反应。为了进行这项研究，他们选择了15只年龄在1到6岁之间的公狗和15只母狗。这些狗都是家庭宠物，它们的主人允许它们参加巴里大学的实验。这些狗被放在一个大木箱里，木箱前面有一个开口，让它们看到各种各样的刺激。他们一次测试一个。

The researchers led by Professor Giorgio Vallortigara of the University of Trieste found that when the dogs were shown their owners—a positive experience—their tails wagged energetically to the right side.When they were shown an unfamiliar human they wagged to the right, but with somewhat less enthusiasm.The appearance of a cat again caused a right-hand side wag, although with less intensity again.The appearance of a large unfamiliar dog, similar to a German shepherd, changed the direction of the tail wagging to the left.Researchers supposed the dog was thinking of moving back.When the dogs were not shown any stimuli they tended to wag their tails to the left, suggesting they preferred company.While the changes in the tail wagging were not easily noticed without the aid of video, it was thought that the findings could help people judge the mood （心情） of dogs.Computer and video systems, for example, could be used by professional dog trainers to determine the mood of dogs that 【they】 were required to approach.

由的里雅斯特大学的乔治·瓦洛蒂加拉教授领导的研究人员发现，当狗看到它们的主人时——这是一种积极的体验——它们的尾巴会积极地向右侧摆动。当它们看到一个不熟悉的人时，它们会向右摇晃，但热情有所降低。猫的出现再次引起了右侧的摇摆，尽管强度有所减弱。一只陌生的大狗的出现，类似于德国牧羊犬，改变了尾巴向左摇的方向。研究人员推测，这只狗是想搬回去。当狗没有任何刺激时，它们倾向于向左边摇尾巴，这表明它们更喜欢有人陪伴。虽然没有视频的帮助，人们很难注意到狗摇尾巴的变化，但研究人员认为，这一发现可以帮助人们判断狗的情绪。例如，专业的训狗师可以使用计算机和视频系统来确定他们需要接近的狗的情绪。