Four Modern Trips to Europe
四个去欧洲的现代化旅行

Today's modern travelers are journeying further to explore Europe off the beaten track, and bringing home new skills and experience.Here are 4 ideas for an unusual holiday in Europe.

今天的现代旅行者正在旅行到更远的地方去探索欧洲的人迹罕至的地方，并把新的技能和经验带回家。这里有4个不同寻常的欧洲度假点子。

Volunteer in TransylvaniaTransylvania is a top choice for an unusual European city break, with wonderfully preserved medieval(中世纪的)towns and castles that inspired the famous novel Dracula.In addition, you can take your unusual holiday experience even further by volunteering in Eastern Europe's largest bear reserve and working with bears.

特兰西瓦尼亚志愿者特兰西瓦尼亚是一个不寻常的欧洲城市度假的首选，这里有保存完好的中世纪城镇和城堡，这些都是著名小说《德古拉》的灵感来源。此外，你还可以在东欧最大的熊保护区做志愿者，与熊一起工作，让你的不同寻常的假期体验更进一步。

Teach skiing in AustriaAustria is one of Europe's top skiing destinations.If you're looking for a more unusual way to spend winter holiday, why not consider training to be a ski instructor there?You'll gain a qualification that is recognized worldwide, and this programme includes a guaranteed paid instructor job at a ski resort(旅游胜地)once you have finished your training.

在奥地利教滑雪奥地利是欧洲顶级滑雪胜地之一。如果你正在寻找一个更不寻常的方式度过寒假，为什么不考虑在那里接受滑雪教练的培训呢?你将获得全球认可的资格证书，一旦你完成培训，这个项目还包括一份有保障的带薪滑雪胜地教练工作。

Go diving in SpainFor a European holiday with a difference, take part in a plastic cleanup project based in Barcelona, help to empty plastic waste in the Mediterranean Sea and make a difference as you travel.This volunteer project combines diving with collecting plastic or other waste from the water, alongside giving you the chance to explore the city.

去西班牙潜水如果你想过一个与众不同的欧洲假期，那就参加巴塞罗那的塑料清理项目，帮助清理地中海的塑料垃圾，让你在旅行中有所作为。这个志愿者项目将潜水与从水中收集塑料或其他废物结合起来，同时让你有机会探索这座城市。

Explore Tuscany on horsebackTuscany, one of the best places in Europe to explore on horseback, has witnessed a sharp increase in travelers.There are various activities that combine sightseeing with basic horse riding lessons and you can stay in Renaissance villas(文艺复兴风格的别墅)and farmhouses.You don't need to have any experience for horse riding holidays, and they are a brilliant alternative to your typical guided tour.

骑马探索托斯卡纳托斯卡纳是欧洲最适合骑马探索的地方之一，游客人数急剧增加。这里有各种各样的活动，将观光与基本的骑马课程结合起来，你可以住在文艺复兴别墅和农舍里。你不需要有任何骑马度假的经验，它们是你典型的导游旅行的绝佳选择。