Young People’s Career Expectations
年轻人的职业期望

Young people's career expectations have become more concentrated in fewer occupations（职业） over the past two decades though social media and technologies like Artificial Intelligence（Al） are developing rapidly, according to a report from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development （OECD）. Traditional occupations from the 19th and 20th centuries, such as lawyers and police officers, continue to trap（使陷入） the imaginations of young people around the world as they did nearly 20 years ago. 

经济合作与发展组织(OECD)的一份报告显示，在过去20年里，尽管社交媒体和人工智能(ai)等技术发展迅速，但年轻人的职业期望却越来越集中在少数职业上。19世纪和20世纪的传统职业，如律师和警察，像近20年前一样，继续束缚着世界各地年轻人的想象力。

Nearly half of young people around the world wish to work in just 10 of the most common professions. The surveys show that too many teenagers are ignoring, or don't know, new types of jobs that are coming up, particularly as a result of digitalisation（数字化）. It is a concern that more young people than before appear to be picking their dream job from a small list of the most popular, traditional occupations, like teachers, lawyers, or business managers. The report, based on the latest survey of the 15-year-olds in 41 countries, said the career expectations of youngsters may be “antiquated and unrealistic”. 

全世界近一半的年轻人希望在10种最常见的职业中工作。调查显示，太多的青少年忽视或不知道正在出现的新型工作，尤其是数字化带来的新型工作。令人担忧的是，越来越多的年轻人似乎从一小部分最受欢迎的传统职业中挑选自己的理想职业，比如教师、律师或商业经理。这份基于对41个国家15岁青少年的最新调查的报告称，年轻人的职业期望可能“过时且不现实”。

The report found that among boys and girls who perform similarly in science, boys are more likely to expect to work in science and engineering. The top 10 occupations preferred by boys have changed very little since 2000. But girls are now more likely to want to be architects, police officers, and designers rather than hairdressers or writers.

该报告发现，在科学成绩相似的男孩和女孩中，男孩更有可能期望在科学和工程领域工作。自2000年以来，男孩最喜欢的十大职业几乎没有变化，但女孩现在更有可能想成为建筑师、警察和设计师，而不是理发师或作家。

The report also found a broader range of career expectations in countries with strong and firm occupational training for teenagers. For example, in Germany, teenagers show a much wider range of career interests that better reflect patterns of labor market demands. More than a third of students in the UK report a lack of career advice at schools and colleges. Young people's wishes are set as young as age seven and do not change enough over time to meet demands. 

该报告还发现，在对青少年进行强有力的职业培训的国家，青少年的职业期望范围更广。例如，在德国，青少年表现出更广泛的职业兴趣，这更好地反映了劳动力市场的需求模式。超过三分之一的英国学生表示，学校和大学里缺乏职业建议。年轻人的愿望早在七岁时就设定好了，不会随着时间的推移而改变，以满足需求。

主旨大意：年轻人的职业期望集中在少数职业中，但过时且不现实。国家对他们的进行职业培训，才能够扩大他们的职业期望。



语法点：
1. that引导的限制性定语从句
…too many teenagers are ignoring, or don't know, new types of jobs that are coming up…句中that引导了限制性定语从句，that作为关系代词，指代new types。
2. 名词性从句：it做形式主语
It is a concern that more young people than before appear to be picking their dream job…句中it用作形式主语，真正的主语放于that之后，构成主语从句。

3. 同级比较：as…as

Young people's wishes are set as young as age seven…句中as…as为同级比较结构，两个as中间为形容词或副词原级，构成比较级，同级比较句中的young和age seven。



重点语言点：
career expectation 职业期望
concentrate in 集中于
as a result of 由于，因为
be more likely to do sth. 更有可能做某事
rather than 而不是
a broad range of 大范围的，广泛的
more than 多于，超出，比…多
a lack of 缺少
over time 随着时间的推移