The Internet Dating
网络约会

Internet dating has become one of the biggest and most successful business ventures on the Internet. Basically, Internet dating is a way to meet people for either friendship or dating without actually having to meet them in person first. 

网络约会已经成为互联网上最大、最成功的商业投资之一。基本上，网络约会是一种不需要亲自见面就可以结识朋友或约会的方式。

The first thing to do if you decide to try Internet dating is to build your profile （简介） which can include your hobbies, hopes for the future, and so on. A photograph is optional, but many sites claim that a photograph increases the number of people who look at your profile. Many Internet dating sites will charge a one-time registration fee to use their services. 

如果你决定尝试网上约会，首先要做的是建立你的个人资料，包括你的爱好，对未来的希望等等。照片是可选的，但许多网站声称照片会增加浏览你个人资料的人数。许多婚恋网站会收取一次性注册费来使用他们的服务。

Internet dating makes it possible to meet people from all over the world. You can even narrow the search down to your area by zip code. Another advantage is that you can communicate by email before you meet in person. Thousands of people have met, fallen in love, and married through Internet dating. It is an excellent way for shy people to meet. It is also a way for people with busy lives to connect with others and an easy way to meet people who share your interests. 

网上约会可以满足来自世界各地的人。你甚至可以通过邮政编码将搜索范围缩小到你所在地区。另一个好处是你可以在见面之前通过电子邮件沟通。成千上万的人通过网络约会认识、坠入爱河并结婚。对于害羞的人来说，这是一个很好的见面方式。对于生活忙碌的人来说，这也是一种与他人联系的方式，也是一种结识与你有共同兴趣的人的简单方式。

Just as in conventional dating and love, there are some pitfalls to be aware of in Internet dating. The person you have been talking to on the net may not be who they say they are. Be very aware that there are some people who misrepresent their appearance or private details, such as marital status, income, and so on, for their own reasons. It would not be the first time that someone has been taken in, and talk shows are full of cheating partners who have been caught dating over the Internet in their spare time. Nevertheless, taking a few simple precautions should help ensure that your Internet dating experience is fun. 

就像传统的约会和爱情一样，网上约会也有一些陷阱需要注意。你在网上与之交谈的人可能不是他们所说的那个人。要非常清楚，有些人出于自己的原因，歪曲自己的外表或私人细节，如婚姻状况、收入等。这已经不是第一次有人被骗了，脱口秀节目中到处都是被抓到在业余时间在网上约会的出轨伴侣。然而，采取一些简单的预防措施应该有助于确保你的网上约会体验是有趣的。

主旨大意：网络约会逐渐流行，并满足世界各类人士，但是还是需要注意约会陷阱。


语法点：
1. which引导的限制性定语从句
…is to build your profile (简介) which can include your hobbies, hopes for the future…句中which引导了限制性定语从句，which作为关系代词，指代profile。

2. 名词性从句：it做形式宾语

Internet dating makes it possible to meet people from all over the world.句中it作为形式宾语，possible是宾补，真正的宾语为后面的to do不定式 to meet people from all over the world。

3. 序数词引导的限制性定语从句

It would not be the first time that someone has been taken in… 句中先行词time由序数词the first修饰，关系代词只能用that引导，有时可以省略，that从句后接现在完成时态。
4. 非谓语动词：动名词作主语
taking a few simple precautions should help ensure…句中taking a few simple precautious动名词短语作为主语，动名词作主语多表示抽象的，普遍的概念。


重点语言点：
from all over the world 来自世界各地
narrow down to 缩小到
zip code 邮政编码
in person 亲自，当面
just as 正如
be aware of（后接名词或动名词短语） 意识到
be aware that （后接句子）意识到
for one's own reason 出于自己的原因
talk shows 脱口秀
be full of 充满
spare time空闲时间
ensure that（后接句子）确保