The Story of Franklin Pierce Adams
富兰克林·皮尔斯·亚当斯的故事

In the 1880s, long before she became her era's greatest female explorer, eight-year-old Harriet Chalmers traveled through the Sierra Nevada on horseback with her father. When she was 24, Chalmers married Franklin Pierce Adams, and they set off for Latin America, where they covered 40,000 miles on a horse, by boat, and on foot. When they returned nearly three years later, she gave a lecture at National Geographic and started a 30-year career as a contributor. 

在19世纪80年代，早在她成为那个时代最伟大的女性探险家之前，8岁的哈里特·查尔默斯就和父亲骑马穿越了内华达山脉。24岁时，查尔默斯嫁给了富兰克林·皮尔斯·亚当斯(Franklin Pierce Adams)，他们启程前往拉丁美洲，在那里，他们骑马、乘船、步行，走了4万英里。将近三年后，当他们回来时，她在《国家地理》杂志做了一个讲座，开始了30年的撰稿人生涯。

Adams made it her mission to visit every country that was or had been a Spanish colony and revisited the places where Christopher Columbus had stayed from Europe to the Americans. She traveled around Asia and attended Haile Selassie's Coronation（加冕礼） as the emperor of Ethiopia. During World War I, she was the first female journalist allowed to photograph the French trenches（战壕）, where she stayed for months. 

亚当斯把访问每一个曾经是或曾经是西班牙殖民地的国家作为自己的使命，并重新参观了从欧洲到美洲的克里斯托弗·哥伦布停留过的地方。她游历了亚洲，并参加了海尔·塞拉西作为埃塞俄比亚皇帝的加冕典礼。第一次世界大战期间，她是第一位获准拍摄法国战壕的女记者，她在那里待了几个月。

She wrote 21 articles detailing her experiences for National Geographic, more than any other woman published in the magazine's first half-century. In those pieces, she criticized the injustices that she had observed. “Where were the blessings the Europeans claimed they brought to millions of Latin Americans? I could hardly find them,” she wrote after a visit to Peru.  “What have they not suffered under the control of the Europeans?”

她为《国家地理》杂志写了21篇详细描述自己经历的文章，是该杂志创刊前半个世纪里发表文章最多的女性。在这些文章中，她批评了她所观察到的不公正现象。“欧洲人声称他们给数百万拉丁美洲人带来的祝福在哪里?我几乎找不到他们，”她在访问秘鲁后写道。“在欧洲人的控制下，他们有什么不受苦的?”

Adams had no professional training as a geographer and had never been to college, but her color photo slides and adventurous travel style won her invitations to speak around the world, often from organizations that had never invited a woman in before. She was the third American woman asked to join the Royal Geographical Society in England. However, the New York-based Explorers Club gave her and other outstanding female adventurers the cold shoulder. 

亚当斯没有受过专业的地理训练，也从未上过大学，但她的彩色照片幻灯片和冒险的旅行风格为她赢得了在世界各地演讲的邀请，这些邀请往往来自以前从未邀请过女性的组织。她是第三位被邀请加入英国皇家地理学会的美国女性。然而，总部位于纽约的探险家俱乐部对她和其他杰出的女性冒险家冷淡相待。

“Men have always been so afraid that some mere woman might get into their discussion that they don't even permit women in their clubhouses,” Adams once said, “let alone allow them to attend any meetings for discussions that might be significantly helpful. ”

亚当斯曾经说过:“男人总是非常害怕某个女人会进入他们的讨论，以至于他们甚至不允许女人进入他们的俱乐部，更不用说让她们参加任何可能有重大帮助的讨论会议了。”

Several female explorers decided to form their own clubs. In 1925, the Society of Woman Geographers started with Adams as president, she served until moving to France in 1933, where she died four years later at 61. 

几名女性探险家决定成立自己的俱乐部。1925年，女性地理学家协会成立，亚当斯担任主席，直到1933年搬到法国，四年后去世，享年61岁。