Is Recycling Really Cost-effective?
回收利用真的便宜吗？

If you are worried about the planet, please make sure your rubbish is buried under the ground. 

如果你担心地球，请确保你的垃圾被埋在地下。

People talk about “reduce, reuse, recycle. ”　It sounds like a good idea. There is a problem, though. Recycling costs too much money.

人们谈论“减少、再利用、再循环”。听起来是个好主意。但是有一个问题。回收花费太多的钱。

Even the U. S. Environmental Protection Agency （EPA） says it only makes sense economically and environmentally to recycle about 35 percent of disabled（废弃的）materials. Among those materials are paper and aluminum（铝）cans. Recycling 1 ton of paper or aluminum cans, the agency says, can save about 3 tons of CO2 emissions（排放物）over producing those materials anew. Paper producers pay for the trees they process. If it was cost-effective to recycle paper, producers would be beating down your door to buy it. But they aren't. That means it's more expensive to recycle old paper than to cut trees and then replant trees for processing. 

即使是美国。美国环境保护署(EPA)表示，回收约35%的废材料在经济和环境上都是有意义的。这些材料包括纸和铝罐(铝)。该机构表示，与重新生产这些材料相比，回收1吨纸或铝罐可以节省约3吨的二氧化碳排放。造纸商为他们加工的树木付费。如果回收纸张具有成本效益，生产商会敲你的门来买它。但事实并非如此。这意味着回收旧纸比砍伐树木然后重新种植树木进行加工要昂贵得多。

Plastic can be recycled too. Given the recent drop in crude oil（原油）prices, it is now cheaper to make a new plastic container than to recycle an old one. Even if that were not true, the EPA says that recycling a ton of plastic saves only about a ton of CO2. However, it doesn't take into account the water most consumers use to wash their plastic containers before having them recycled. The New York Times journalist John Tierney recently wrote, “If you wash plastic in water that was heated by electricity, then the effort of your recycling could be more carbon in the atmosphere. ”

塑料也可以回收利用。考虑到最近原油价格的下跌，现在制造一个新的塑料容器比回收一个旧的塑料容器要便宜。即使这不是真的，美国环保署表示，回收一吨塑料只能减少大约一吨二氧化碳。然而，这并没有考虑到大多数消费者在回收塑料容器之前用来清洗它们的水。《纽约时报》记者约翰·蒂尔尼(John Tierney)最近写道:“如果你在用电加热的水中清洗塑料，那么回收的努力可能会增加大气中的碳含量。”

Glass is another recyclable material. To reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 1 ton you have to recycle 3 tons of glass. If one includes the cost of collecting glass waste from neighborhoods, the pollution produced by the collection trucks, and the recycling process itself, glass recycling creates more greenhouse gas emissions and is more expensive than making new glass, which comes primarily from sand that exists everywhere. 

玻璃是另一种可回收材料。要减少1吨温室气体排放，你必须回收3吨玻璃。如果包括从社区收集玻璃废料的成本、收集卡车产生的污染以及回收过程本身，玻璃回收会产生更多的温室气体排放，而且比制造新玻璃的成本更高，因为新玻璃主要来自无处不在的沙子。

If recycling were truly cost-effective, private companies would be lining up at your doorstep to buy your rubbish. Don't look now because they're not there.

如果回收真的具有成本效益，私人公司就会在你家门口排队购买你的垃圾。现在不要看，因为他们不在那里。