“We” Are the Same
”我们“是一样的

In 1960 Jane Goodall, a British primatologist (灵长类动物学家), observed chimpanzees in Gombe National Park in Tanzania.At that point, it was thought only humans had the capacity to create and use tools, but the chimpanzees were using thin leaves of grass to fish termites (白蚁) from their mounds (土堆).

1960年，英国灵长类动物学家珍·古道尔(灵长类动物学家)在坦桑尼亚贡贝国家公园观察了黑猩猩。当时，人们认为只有人类才有创造和使用工具的能力，但黑猩猩用薄草叶从他们的土丘中钓白蚁

Since then the distinction between animals and humans has become less obvious.In addition to tool making, chimpanzees — and many other animals besides — display emotion and self-awareness.Studies show that elephants feel sad and rats have empathy.In “The Creative Life of Animals” Carol Gigliotti, a professor in Vancouver, has compiled (汇编) research that examines such behaviour through the lens of creativity.

从那时起，动物和人类之间的区别就变得不那么明显了。除了制造工具，黑猩猩和许多其他动物都表现出情感和自我意识。研究表明，大象会悲伤，老鼠有同理心。在《动物的创造性生活》一书中，温哥华教授Carol Gigliotti汇编了一项研究，该研究从创造力的角度考察了动物的这种行为。

This requires a more generous definition of creativity.Ms Gigliotti suggests considering creativity from the animal's point of view instead of human's.

这就需要对创造力有一个更宽泛的定义。吉利奥蒂女士建议从动物的角度而不是人类的角度来考虑创造力。

“If animals in their own cultures can solve problems or create products of value to them, it seems accurate to consider these as creative,” she writes.

她写道:“如果动物在自己的文化中能够解决问题或创造对它们有价值的产品，那么将这些视为创造性似乎是正确的。”

Beaver lodges (海狸窝) are a case in point: there is no single model for their construction.Each river or lake has its unique features and beavers create a custom-made structure to adapt to the given habitat --so, in Ms Gigliotti's opinion, lodges deserve to be considered a creative activity.

海狸小屋就是一个很好的例子:它们的建造没有单一的模型。每条河流或湖泊都有其独特的特征，海狸会根据特定的栖息地建造定制的结构—因此，在吉利奥蒂女士看来，小屋应该被视为一种创造性的活动。

Though seemingly a book about creativity, the author frequently turns to discuss animal emotion and intelligence.She argues that animal personality is not limited to primate, dogs or cats, but also many other animals including ants, fish and mice.

虽然看似是一本关于创造力的书，但作者经常转向讨论动物的情感和智力。她认为，动物的人格不仅限于灵长类动物、狗或猫，还包括许多其他动物，包括蚂蚁、鱼和老鼠。

The book makes its strongest case when advocating a revision of how to think about, and act towards, animals.Ms Gigliotti points out that humans are only one of millions of species on Earth.She suggests that animals are individuals with complicated and creative lives of their own.

这本书提出了最有力的理由，主张对如何看待动物以及如何对待动物进行修正。吉利奥蒂女士指出，人类只是地球上数百万物种中的一种。她认为动物是个体，有自己复杂而富有创造性的生活。