Read with Eyes Or Ears?
眼睛阅读还是耳朵听读

Picture yourself sitting at home in a quiet reading nook, ignoring the world around you, engrossed in a tale.You read the brief introduction of a book, instantly became interested in it and now you're in the middle of an absolute page-turner.But, there's a hot debate - physical books vs. e-books vs. audiobooks.Does the device you're using to read affect your reaction to the book?

想象自己呆在家里一个安静的可供阅读的角落，忽略你周围的环境，专注于书本中的内容。你刚才读了一本书的简介，立刻就对它产生了兴趣。现在你完全沉浸在一本引人入胜的书中。但是，对于阅读有一个讨论的热点问题--阅读时是选择实体书、电子书还是有声书。你用来阅读的设备会影响你对书的反应吗?

Generally, reading uses several areas of the brain, including attention span, reasoning, reading fluency, memory and language comprehension.Reading is known to strengthen communicative ability, vocabulary and increase emotional intelligence and social perception.So, whichever way you're reading, there are definitely benefits.

一般来说，阅读会用到大脑的几个区域，包括注意力持续时间、推理能力、阅读流畅性、记忆力和语言理解能力。众所周知，阅读可以增强沟通能力，词汇量，提高情商和社会感知力。所以，无论你以哪种方式阅读，肯定都是有好处的。

But, let's look at the pros to reading with your eyes - that's physical books and e-books.They can help to retain information better.This is because when you can actually see the words,your attention is held more closely.Add to this the fact that with physical books you can go back and find any part you missed, especially if your mind wanders, which likely will happen at some point or other.

但是，让我们看看赞成用眼睛阅读的这种方式——也就是纸质书和电子书。它们可以帮助你更好地记住信息。这是因为当你真的能看到单词的时候,你的注意力会更集中。还有个是事实能补充这点，那就是读实体书时，你可以回读来找到刚才错过的任何部分，尤其是在你走神的时候，而这个情况随时可能会发生。

From a scientific perspective, listening to an audiobook is likely to help you develop a greater sense of empathy as you hear the emotion of the narrator.We can more easily understand inflection and intonation.Hearing the story engages different parts of the brain, heightening the intensity and imagery, making you enjoy it more.Yet, going back to attention span, with an audiobook it's true that it's much harder to go back and listen again.On the other hand, there's the audiobook.Headphones in, you're switched off from life and the story really comes alive, almost like watching a film- in your head.

从科学的角度来看，听有声读物可能会帮助你在听到叙述者的情感时培养更强的同理心。我们可以更容易地理解转折和语调。听故事会调动大脑的不同区域，增强故事的强度和意象，让你更享受其中。然而，回到注意力持续时间，对于有声书来说，确实很难再回过头来听一遍。另一方面，还有有声读物。戴上耳机，你就与外界隔绝，故事变得生动起来，就像在脑海里看电影一样。

All in all, it seems that there are advantages to both physical books and audiobooks.Perhaps, next time you find yourself browsing bookshop shelves, also consider the format.It may just change your whole literary experience.

总而言之，纸质书和有声书似乎都有各自的优势。也许，下次当你在浏览书店书架时，也不妨考虑一下版式。它可能会改变你的整个文学体验。