People From Similar Cultures See the Same Things When Hearing Music
来自相似文化的人在听到音乐时“看到”相同的东西

People often call music a universal language, but do certain songs really cause the same mental images in our minds?Scientists at Princeton find that while music absolutely can stimulate（激发）similar mental experiences, the results also strongly suggest culture is a major factor.

人们常称音乐为世界通用的语言，但某些歌曲真的能在我们的脑海中产生相同的心理形象吗?普林斯顿大学的科学家发现，虽然音乐绝对可以刺激类似的心理体验，但研究结果也强烈表明文化是一个主要因素。

A total of 622 people took part in the study.All of the volunteers came from one of three locations：two suburban college towns in the US (one in Arkansas and the other in Michigan), or the rural Chinese village of Dimen.It's worth noting that the main language in Dimen is Dong, a tonal language unrelated to the official language of China.Locals there have little contact with Western media or culture at all.All participants listened to the exact same 32“musical stimuli”——which were 60-second cuts of instrumental music.Half of these pieces came from Western music while the rest came from Chinese music.

共有622人参与了这项研究。所有志愿者都来自三个地方:美国的两个郊区大学城(一个在阿肯色州，另一个在密歇根州)，或者中国的地门农村。值得注意的是，地门的主要语言是侗语，这是一种与中国官方语言无关的声调语言。当地人几乎不接触西方媒体或文化。所有参与者都听了完全相同的32个“音乐刺激”——它们是60秒的器乐片段。这些作品一半来自西方音乐，另一半来自中国音乐。

After hearing, researchers asked the groups about the images they saw in their heads while listening.Incredibly, people from Arkansas and Michigan often described very similar stories, even using the exact same words frequently.Dimen listeners, on the other hand, envisioned stories that were similar to each other but quite different from the American listeners.More specifically, one track led to Americans seeing a cowboy in the hot desert surveying an empty town.Meanwhile, Chinese participants imagined a man in ancient times reflecting on the loss of a loved one.

听完后，研究人员询问这些人在听录音时脑海中看到的画面。令人难以置信的是，来自阿肯色州和密歇根州的人们经常描述非常相似的故事，甚至经常使用完全相同的词语。另一方面，笛门听众想象的故事彼此相似，但与美国听众截然不同。更具体地说，其中一条轨道引导美国人看到一个牛仔在炎热的沙漠中测量一个空无一人的城镇。与此同时，中国参与者想象到了一个古人回想起失去的爱人。

“There's something about the results that's really surprising, especially because people encounter music in 2022 often in a solitary way, over headphones. But it turns out, it's still a shared experience, almost like a shred dream, although not universally shared, ”says Elizabeth Margulis, the study author.

“有些结果真的很令人惊讶，尤其是因为人们在2022年通常是通过耳机孤独地接触音乐。但事实证明，这仍然是一种共同的经历，几乎就像一个破碎的梦，尽管不是所有人都共享，”研究作者伊丽莎白·马古利斯说。

The results paint a more complex picture of music's power.Music can generate remarkably similar stories in listeners’ minds, but it depends on a common set of cultural experiences.So while we imagine music can bring people together, the opposite can also be true-it can distinguish between sets of people with a different background or culture.

研究结果为音乐的力量描绘了一幅更为复杂的图景。音乐可以在听众的脑海中产生非常相似的故事，但它取决于一组共同的文化经历。因此，当我们想象音乐可以把人们聚集在一起时，相反的情况也可以成立——它可以区分具有不同背景或文化的人群。