The Struggle for Teaching Methods
教学方法之争

If you have spent any time reading papers on teaching strategies in the past few years, you have probably noticed a strong backlash against drill & practice, in favor of "constructivist （建构主义的） activities" and "project-based learning". 

如果你在过去几年里花时间阅读过有关教学策略的论文，你可能会注意到，人们强烈反对训练和练习，而倾向于“建构主义活动”和“基于项目的学习”。

Memorizing facts, many people argue, is an outdated educational practice, since anyone could just Google a fact on demand or look it up on Wikipedia nowadays. They consider that we should focus all school activities on getting skills as opposed to knowledge. 

许多人认为，记忆事实是一种过时的教育实践，因为现在任何人都可以根据需要在谷歌上搜索事实或在维基百科上查找事实。他们认为我们应该把所有的学校活动的重点放在获得技能而不是知识上。

However, learning by rote （memorization by repeating） is more important than you think. There are many cases in which having knowledge immediately on the tip of your tongue can have great social and professional value. For example, last night at a networking event, when I casually asked a Nigerian businessman how much of his business was conducted in English compared with that in his native Yoruba, he immediately became more engaged in our conversation. It was as if the simple fact that I knew that Yoruba was spoken in Nigeria won his trust, and therefore built up our relationship. 

然而，死记硬背(通过重复记忆)比你想象的更重要。在很多情况下，在你的舌尖上立即拥有知识可以有很大的社会和专业价值。例如，昨晚在一次社交活动中，我随便问一位尼日利亚商人，他的业务中有多少是用英语进行的，而用他的母语约鲁巴语进行的业务中有多少是用英语进行的，他立即投入到我们的谈话中。就好像我知道尼日利亚人说约鲁巴语这个简单的事实赢得了他的信任，从而建立了我们的关系。

The same goes for professional settings. If I am a medical salesman talking to a doctor about a specific digestion drug, and he asks if it has any effect on the process of peristalsis, it will look quite unprofessional if I have to pull out my medical dictionary to look up the word. I need to memorize those facts so that I can access them immediately. 

这同样适用于专业设置。如果我是一名药品推销员，正在和医生谈论一种特定的消化药物，他问我这种药物是否对蠕动过程有影响，如果我必须拿出医学词典来查找这个词，那就显得很不专业了。我需要记住这些事实，以便我可以立即使用它们。

Of course, most constructivist educators will argue that on-the-job training and project-based learning are more effective at learning new concepts than rote memorization. The problem is that no single cost-effective constructivist activity will guarantee that you will be exposed to all the concepts you need, or that you will fully remember the facts that you are exposed to. If you actually want to gain a full range of knowledge about a given topic, the most guaranteed and efficient way is to study on purpose using the time-honored repeating practice －specifically confidence-based repetition. 

当然，大多数建构主义教育家会认为在职培训和基于项目的学习比死记硬背更有效地学习新概念。问题在于，没有任何一种具有成本效益的建构主义活动能够保证你接触到所有你需要的概念，或者你会完全记住你接触到的事实。如果你真的想全面掌握某一主题的知识，最可靠、最有效的方法就是有目的地学习，使用历史悠久的重复练习——特别是基于自信的重复。