The Prospectus of 2023 Winter Break Camp Sessions For Schoolchildren
2023年寒假营招生简章

2023 Winter Break Camp Sessions For Schoolchildren

2023年小学生寒假营

Time: 9 am-4 pm December 19-22, and December 27-30.

时间:12月19日至22日上午9点至下午4点，12月27日至30日。

Price: General Public:$460 |Feature Family & Igniter Members:$430|Family Memberships: $445

价格:普通公众:460美元,Feature Family和Igniter软件会员:430美元,家庭团购会员:445美元

Arctic Adventures

北极探险

Put on your warmest winter clothes and come to explore the Arctic as a polar scientist.See how chemistry, biology, engineering, and more appear in the Arctic as we play games, make cool art, and perform chilling experiments .Your camper will discover the symmetry(对称性)of a snowflake, build their own igloo, and even try out some different materials that help to keep arctic animals warm in this icy cool adventure of a week!

穿上最暖和的冬装，作为一名极地科学家来探索北极吧。看看化学、生物学、工程学等如何在我们玩游戏、制作炫酷的艺术和进行令人毛骨悚然的实验时出现在北极。你的露营者将发现雪花的对称性，建造他们自己的冰屋，甚至尝试一些不同的材料，帮助北极动物在这个冰冷的冒险中维持一周的温暖!

Science of Chill

寒冷科学

We're making science cool!Come to explore the chemistry behind snow and ice, the biology of surviving in the cold, and the physics behind some of our favorite winter sports and activities!Campers will create their own snowball launcher, experiment with the best ways to stay warm in the coldest environments, and the science behind relaxation in Science of Chill.

我们让科学变得很酷!来探索冰雪背后的化学，在寒冷中生存的生物学，以及一些我们最喜欢的冬季运动和活动背后的物理现象!露营者将制作自己的雪球发射器，在最寒冷的环境中尝试保持温暖的最佳方法，以及展现寒冷科学娱乐活动背后的科学。

Extended Care

延时看护

PacSci is offering extended care with Winter Break Camps!This add-on is an optional purchase during registration on CampDoc for $52 for a camp session(4 days).Extended care promptly ends at 6 pm each day.Any unplanned extended care or late pick-up will result in a $10 late fee for every 10 minutes.

PacSci提供延时看护寒假营!这个附加项是在CampDoc注册期间是可选择性购买的，一个冬令营课程(4天)52美元。延时看护在每天下午6点准时结束。任何计划外的延时看护或延迟接送将导致每10分钟10美元的滞纳金。

Contact Us

联系我们

EMAIL

电子邮件

Email is the preferred method of communication.Staff monitor and respond to emails from 9 am-5 pm, Monday-Friday.

电子邮件是首选的沟通方式。员工监控并回复来自周一至周五上午9点至下午5点。

PHONE

电话

We will respond to voicemails from 9 am-5 pm, Monday-Friday.

我们将在周一至周五上午9点至下午5点回复语音邮件。

Response times are dependent on call volume.Please contact us at (206) 443-2008.

响应时间取决于呼叫量。请致电：(206)443-2008与我们联系。

主旨：2023年小学生寒假营招生简章的内容，包含课程类型，费用，时间，联系方式等信息。

标签：日常生活

长难句：

1. See how chemistry, biology, engineering, and more appear in the Arctic as we play games, make cool art, and perform chilling experiments.
该句是一个祈使句，主句是see how chemistry, biology, engineering, and more appear in the Arctic，从句中谓语动词为appear。as“当”引导时间状语从句。
2. Your camper will discover the symmetry of a snowflake, build their own igloo, and even try out some different materials that helps keep arctic animals warm in this icy cool adventure of a week!
该句是and连接的并列句，三个小分句均为主谓宾结构，谓语动词为discover，build和try out。第三个小分句中有一个that引导的定语从句，修饰materials。

3. Campers will create their own snowball launcher, experiment with the best ways to stay warm in the coldest environments, and the science behind relaxation in Science of Chill.
主语为campers, 谓语动词create,宾语为snowball launcher, experiment以及the science。

语法点：

1. 最高级：表示三者或三者以上的人或物进行比较时，用最高级。形容词的最高级前面要加定冠词the。

重点语言点：

try out sth 尝试...
result in 导致
respond to 回应，回复
be dependent on 取决于
contact sb at ＋号码 打电话给某人