3.1.02_What Is Fairness in Your Mind?
你心中的公平是什么？

There seems to be a lot of talk these days about what is fair, and what is not.Most people tend to believe life should be fair.Some of the 99% seem to believe life has somehow treated them unfairly, and some of the 1% feel life hasn't treated them fairly enough.My questions are these: What is fairness?Is life fair?Should life be fair?

最近似乎有很多关于什么是公平，什么是不公平的讨论。大多数人认为生活应该是公平的。99%的人认为生活在某种程度上对他们不公平，而1%的人则认为生活对他们不够公平。我的问题是:什么是公平?生活公平吗?生活应该是公平的吗?

We clearly have no choice about how we come into this world.We have little choice early in life.But as we grow older, choices abound.I have long believed that while we have no control over the beginning of our life, the majority of us have the ability to influence the outcomes we attain.Fairness is a state of mind, and most often, an unhealthy state of mind.Our state in life cannot, or at least should not, be blamed on our parents, our teachers, or our society—it's largely based on the choices we make, and the attitudes we adopt.

我们显然无法选择如何来到这个世界。我们在生命的早期几乎没有选择。但随着年龄的增长，我们的选择越来越多。我一直相信，虽然我们无法控制生命的开始，但我们大多数人都有能力影响我们所获得的结果。公平是一种精神状态，而且往往是一种不健康的精神状态。我们的生活状态不能，或者至少不应该归咎于我们的父母，我们的老师，或者我们的社会——它在很大程度上是基于我们所做的选择，以及我们所采取的态度。

Life is full of examples of the uneducated, the mentally and physically challenged people born into war-torn areas, who could have complained about life being unfair, but who instead chose a different path.Regardless of the challenges they faced, they had the character to choose contribution over complaint.

生活中有很多这样的例子:那些出生在战乱地区、没有受过教育、智力和身体有问题的人，他们本可以抱怨生活不公平，但却选择了一条不同的道路。不管他们面临的挑战是什么，他们都有选择贡献而不是抱怨的性格。

I agree that challenges exist.I agree that many have an uphill battle due to the severity of the challenges they face.What I disagree with is the attempt to use fairness to solve all problems in the world.Rules and orders don't create fairness, but people's desire and determination can work around most life challenges.

我同意挑战是存在的。我同意，由于面临严峻的挑战，许多人面临着一场艰苦的战斗。我不同意的是试图用公平来解决世界上所有的问题。规则和命令不能创造公平，但人们的愿望和决心可以解决大多数生活挑战。

It doesn't matter whether you are born with a silver spoon, plastic spoon, or no spoon at all.A friend of mine came to this country from Africa in his late teens, barely spoke the language, drove a cab while working his way through college, and is now the president of a technology services firm.Stories such as this are all around us—they are not miracles, nor are they the rare exception.They do, however, demonstrate blindness to the mindset of the fairness.

不管你出生时含着银汤匙、塑料汤匙，或者根本没有汤匙，这都不重要。我有个朋友十几岁的时候从非洲来到这个国家，他几乎不会说当地语言，上大学的时候开出租车，现在是一家技术服务公司的高管。这样的故事在我们身边随处可见——它们不是奇迹，也不是罕见的例外。然而，他们确实证明了对公平思想观念的无视。