There was a girl named Jenny. She came from a musical family. Her father was a famous pianist and her mother was a composer . However, Jenny was not good at playing any instrument. Jenny felt that she wasn't part of her family. It was her dream to become just like the rest of the family. So she tried her best to practise the piano, but she was still unable to do it well. It was a pain for Jenny when her father pushed her to learn to play the piano.
Instead of playing the instrument, Jenny enjoyed drawing in her spare time. Her paintings showed how much her parents loved music. The paintings also revealed the things Jenny was skilled at. But her family didn't discover her talent. And they weren't satisfied with her at all.
Things began to change when a teacher of Jenny's saw her talent for art. Jenny was encouraged to take part in different art activities and competitions. As a result, she got many awards and medals for her excellent art works. When her parents saw her achievements, they didn't keep pushing Jenny to play music any more. Jenny finally discovered her own style.
Being different doesn't mean that you don't have any talent, but it means that you have something special to share with the world. Don't try to be the same as others. Just be yourself! You will create the differences and make yourself unique.

--- 中文翻译 ---

有一个叫做Jenny的女孩。 她出生在一个音乐世家。 她的父亲是一位著名的钢琴家，她的母亲是一位作曲家。 然而，Jenny并不擅长演奏任何乐器。 Jenny觉得自己不是家庭的一部分。 她的梦想就是成为像其他家人一样的人。 所以她尽力练习钢琴，但她仍然无法弹好。 当父亲逼迫Jenny学习弹钢琴时，这对她来说是一种痛苦。
Jenny喜欢在业余时间画画，而不是弹奏乐器。 她的画作展现了她父母对音乐的热爱。 这些画作还展现了Jenny擅长的事物。 但是她的家人并没有发现她的才华。 他们对她一点都不满意。
当Jenny的老师发现她对艺术的天赋时，一切开始发生改变。 Jenny受到鼓励参加不同的艺术活动和比赛。 因此，她因其优秀的艺术作品获得了许多奖项和奖牌。 当她的父母看到她的成就时，他们不再继续强迫Jenny弹奏音乐。 Jenny终于发现了自己的风格。
与众不同并不意味着你没有任何才华，而是意味着你有一些特别的东西可以与世界分享。 不要试图和别人一样。 做你自己！ 你将创造出不同，让自己独一无二。
【重点单词】
1、composer /kəmˈpəʊzə(r)/ n. 作曲家
2、dream /driːm/ n. 梦想
3、still /stɪl/ adv. 仍然
4、pain /peɪn/ n. 痛苦
5、drawing /ˈdrɔːɪŋ/ n. 画画
6、showed /ʃəʊd/ v. 展示，显示
7、keep /kiːp/ v. 继续，保持
8、finally /ˈfaɪnəli/ adv. 终于
9、special /ˈspeʃl/ adj. 特别的
10、create /kriˈeɪt/ v. 创造

【重点短语搭配】
1、come from
含义：来自
用法：表示某人的出生地或来源地，后接名词或代词。也可用于事物，如 Coffee comes from Brazil.
例句：Jenny comes from a musical family.（翻译：Jenny来自一个音乐世家。）
2、be good at
含义：擅长
用法：后接名词或动名词（doing）。同义短语为 do well in。常用于描述个人能力或特长。
例句：Jenny is not good at playing any instrument.（翻译：Jenny不擅长演奏任何乐器。）
3、try one's best to do sth.
含义：尽力做某事
用法：表示尽最大努力去做某事，强调主观努力。to后接动词原形。写作中可替代简单的 want to do。
例句：She tried her best to practise the piano.（翻译：她尽力练习钢琴。）
4、instead of
含义：代替，而不是
用法：后接名词、代词或动名词。表示两者选其一，强调前者被后者取代。注意与 instead（副词，用于句首或句尾）的区别。
例句：Instead of playing the instrument, Jenny enjoyed drawing.（翻译：Jenny喜欢画画，而不是弹奏乐器。）
5、take part in
含义：参加
用法：指参与活动、比赛、项目等。同义短语有 join in（更口语化）和 participate in（更正式）。后接名词。
例句：Jenny was encouraged to take part in different art activities.（翻译：Jenny被鼓励参加不同的艺术活动。）
6、as a result
含义：因此
用法：常置于句首，后接逗号，引出结果。也可用 as a result of + 名词，表示“由于”。写作中用于连接因果关系。
例句：She got many awards as a result of her excellent art works.（翻译：她因其优秀的艺术作品获得了许多奖项。）
7、be satisfied with
含义：对……满意
用法：后接名词或代词，表示对某人或某事的满意程度。否定形式常用 not at all 加强语气。
例句：They weren't satisfied with her at all.（翻译：他们对她一点都不满意。）
8、be the same as
含义：与……相同
用法：后接名词或代词，用于比较两个事物的相似性。反义短语为 be different from。
例句：Don't try to be the same as others.（翻译：不要试图和别人一样。）
