The Dancing Discovery

  【1】Gillian Lynne never did well in school as a child. She couldn't sit for a long time and often found herself moving restlessly. The teachers were angry with her. Her mother was quite worried about her. She took her to a doctor. For 20 minutes, she talked about the problems Lynne was having in school. Then, the doctor said to Lynne, "I need to speak to your mother first. Wait here. "
  【2】As the doctor and the mother left the room, the doctor turned on the radio. He then said to Lynne's mother, "Just stand and watch her. " The minute they left the room, Lynne was on her feet, dancing to the music on the radio.
  【3】The doctor then turned to Lynne's mother and said, "Mrs. Lynne, your daughter isn't ill. She is a dancer. Take her to a dance school. Let her show her talent. " 
  【4】So she did. Lynne's new dance school was full of people just like her. Lynne later went to the Royal Ballet School, one of the world’s greatest dance schools and became an excellent dancer.
  【5】After leaving the school, she worked on some of the most successful musicals, such as Cats and Phantom of the Opera and became famous. It is hard to believe that she was hopeless when she was a child at school.
  【6】Everyone is special. If we look inside, we will find our own talent.

【中文翻译】
  关于舞蹈的发现

  【1】Gillian小时候在学校表现一直不好。 她总是坐不住，老是动来动去。 老师们对她很生气。 她的母亲对她感到非常担心。 妈妈带她去看医生。 妈妈向医生讲了20分钟Lynne在学校的问题。 然后，医生对Lynne说：“我需要先和你妈妈谈一下。在这里等一下。”
  【2】当医生和母亲离开房间时，医生打开了收音机。 然后他对Lynne的母亲说：“只需站在一旁看着她。” 他们一离开房间，Lynne马上站起来，随着音乐跳起舞。
  【3】医生随后转向Lynne的母亲说：“Lynne夫人，您的女儿并没有生病。她有舞蹈天赋。送她去舞蹈学校发挥才能吧。”
  【4】于是Lynne的母亲照做了。Lynne的新舞蹈学校里都是和她一样的人。后来，Lynne进入了皇家芭蕾舞学校——这是世界上最顶尖的舞蹈学校之一——并成为了一名优秀的舞蹈家。
  【5】离开那所学校后，她参与了一些最成功的音乐剧，比如《猫》和《歌剧魅影》，并因此成名。很难相信，她小时候在学校里曾是个无可救药的孩子。
  【6】每个人都是独特的。如果我们审视自己的内心，就会发现属于自己的天赋。
【重点单词】
1、restlessly /ˈrestləsli/ adv. 不安地，坐立不安地
2、worried /ˈwʌrid/ adj. 担心的，担忧的
3、dancing /ˈdænsɪŋ/ v. 跳舞（现在分词形式）
4、talent /ˈtælənt/ n. 天赋，才能
5、doctor /ˈdɒktər/ n. 医生
6、mother /ˈmʌðər/ n. 母亲
7、school /skuːl/ n. 学校
8、radio /ˈreɪdiəʊ/ n. 收音机
9、minute /ˈmɪnɪt/ n. 分钟
10、teacher /ˈtiːtʃər/ n. 老师

【重点短语搭配】
1、do well in
含义：在……方面做得好
用法：后接名词或动名词，表示在某学科或活动中表现优秀。常用于评价学习或表现。
例句：She does well in English and math.（翻译：她在英语和数学方面做得很好。）
2、be angry with
含义：对……生气
用法：后接人，表示对某人生气。常用介词with，也可用at。常用于描述情绪。
例句：The teacher was angry with the student for being late.（翻译：老师因为学生迟到而生气。）
3、be worried about
含义：为……担心
用法：后接名词或代词，表示对某事或某人感到担忧。常用于表达关心。
例句：She is worried about her sick cat.（翻译：她为她生病的猫担心。）
4、turn on
含义：打开（开关）
用法：用于打开电器、设备等。反义词为turn off。常用于日常指令。
例句：Please turn on the light when you enter the room.（翻译：你进入房间时请打开灯。）
5、on one's feet
含义：站起来；恢复
用法：表示从坐或躺的状态站起来。也引申为恢复健康。常用于描述动作。
例句：The child was on his feet and ready to play.（翻译：那个孩子站起来准备玩耍。）
