The Development of Electric Cars Electric cars may seem like a recent invention, but they have been around for years. In the early 1900s, there were more electric cars on the road than gasoline cars, because at that time, gasoline was expensive compared with other fuels, and electric cars were more popular.
When gasoline prices dropped and new technologies for gasoline cars were developed, electric cars were out of date. Gasoline cars became more popular instead , because they could go farther without stopping.
During the 20th century, gasoline cars got bigger, heavier and faster. They needed more fuel and it caused more air pollution. For years, the car makers didn't worry about pollution. They didn't worry about how much gasoline cars used, either. But when people began to realize that there was not enough oil on the earth, they asked car makers to produce more efficient and less polluting cars.
One method of solving the problem was a “hybrid” car. Hybrid cars became popular in the 2000s because gasoline prices went up while prices of hybrid cars went down .
An all-electric car uses no gasoline. The car batteries need to be recharged so electric cars are not suitable for long journeys. The government and car makers are working together to develop better electric cars. When more and more people use electric cars in the future, gasoline stations may disappear .

--- 中文翻译 ---

电动汽车的发展 电动汽车可能看起来像是最近的发明，但它们已经存在多年了。 在20世纪初期，道路上有比汽油车更多的电动汽车，因为那个时候，汽油相对其他燃料来说很昂贵，所以电动汽车更受欢迎。
当汽油价格下降并且汽油车的新技术得到发展时，电动汽车就变得过时了。 汽油车变得更受欢迎，因为它们可以在不停车的情况下行驶更远。
在20世纪，汽油车变得更大、更重、更快。 它们需要更多燃料，这导致了更多的空气污染。 多年来，汽车制造商并不担心污染问题。 他们也不担心汽车消耗多少汽油。 但是当人们开始意识到地球上的石油并不足够时，他们要求汽车制造商生产更高效、更少污染的汽车。
解决这个问题的一种方法是一辆“混合动力”汽车。 混合动力汽车在21世纪初变得流行起来，因为汽油价格上涨，而混合动力汽车的价格下降。
一辆全电动汽车不使用汽油。 汽车电池需要充电，因此电动汽车不适合长途旅行。 政府和汽车制造商正在共同努力开发更好的电动汽车。 将来越来越多的人使用电动汽车时，加油站可能会消失。
【重点单词】
1、invention /ɪnˈvenʃn/ n. 发明
2、gasoline /ˈɡæsəliːn/ n. 汽油
3、expensive /ɪkˈspensɪv/ adj. 昂贵的
4、popular /ˈpɒpjələ(r)/ adj. 受欢迎的，流行的
5、technology /tekˈnɒlədʒi/ n. 技术
6、pollution /pəˈluːʃn/ n. 污染
7、efficient /ɪˈfɪʃnt/ adj. 高效的
8、method /ˈmeθəd/ n. 方法
9、recharge /ˌriːˈtʃɑːdʒ/ v. 充电
10、disappear /ˌdɪsəˈpɪə(r)/ v. 消失

【重点短语搭配】
1、be out of date
含义：过时的，不再流行的
用法：常用于描述事物因时间推移而不再适用或流行，反义短语为be up to date（最新的）。
例句：This kind of mobile phone is out of date now.（翻译：这种手机现在过时了。）
2、compare with
含义：与……相比
用法：常用于比较两个事物的差异，注意介词用with。也可用compare to，但更强调比喻。
例句：My bike is small compared with yours.（翻译：和你的自行车相比，我的很小。）
3、go up
含义：上升，上涨
用法：常用于描述价格、温度、数量等的增加，反义短语为go down（下降）。
例句：The price of bread went up last month.（翻译：上个月面包价格上涨了。）
4、go down
含义：下降，降低
用法：常用于描述价格、温度、数量等的减少，反义短语为go up（上升）。
例句：The temperature went down quickly at night.（翻译：夜间温度迅速下降。）
5、work together
含义：合作，共同努力
用法：强调多人或团体协作完成某任务，后面可接to do sth.表示目的。
例句：The students worked together to finish the project.（翻译：学生们共同努力完成了项目。）
