Yesterday my grandfather told me about his early days. When he left school, he found a job in a post office. He worked hard in the post office . Soon he had more money than his friends because of his hard work. It seemed that he would have a bright future.
When he was 25 years old, however, he began to dislike his job. He wanted a more exciting one, so he left the post office. Two months later, he found a new job in a big company. Workers in this company usually traveled a lot. At first he really enjoyed the traveling. But after a year, he began to hate it. He had to move around and he was always in a car or on a train. The worst thing was that he couldn't make any new friends！ Even so, his boss was not satisfied with him. Two years later he had to leave the company.
He was poor at that time, so he sold his house. He had to accept a part-time job in a book shop. He was surprised to find he loved it！ He made new friends every day and he enjoyed reading books. Three years later, he married the shop owner's daughter. Soon they had their first child. In the next ten years, they had another three children and four more book shops！ He became very rich indeed.
“Life is wonderful , ” he told me, “The most important thing is that you should always try your best. Never give up！”

--- 中文翻译 ---

昨天我爷爷跟我讲起了他年轻时的往事。 他离开学校后，在一家邮局找到了一份工作。 他在邮局工作很努力。 因为他的努力工作，很快，他比朋友们挣了更多的钱。 看起来他将会有一个光明的未来。
然而，当他25岁时，他开始不喜欢他的工作。 他想要一份更刺激的工作，所以他离开了邮局。 两个月后，他在一家大公司找到了一份新工作。 这家公司的员工通常经常出差。 起初，他非常喜欢出差。 但是，一年后，他开始讨厌它。 他不得不四处奔波，总是坐在车里或者火车上。 最糟糕的是他无法交到新朋友！ 即便如此，他的老板还是对他不满意。 两年后，他不得不离开公司。
那时他很贫穷，所以他卖掉了他的房子。 他不得不接受在一家书店做兼职的工作。 他惊讶地发现他爱上了它！ 他每天都交新朋友，同时也喜欢阅读书籍。 三年后，他娶了店主的女儿。 他们很快迎来了他们的第一个孩子。 在接下来的十年里，他们又生了三个孩子，开了另外四家书店！ 他确实变得非常富有。
“生活是美好的，”他告诉我，“最重要的是，你应该始终尽力而为，永不放弃！”
【重点单词】
1、dislike /dɪsˈlaɪk/ v. 不喜欢，厌恶
2、usually /ˈjuːʒuəli/ adv. 通常
3、poor /pɔːr/ adj. 贫穷的
4、marry /ˈmæri/ v. 结婚
5、children /ˈtʃɪldrən/ n. 孩子们（复数）
6、wonderful /ˈwʌndərfl/ adj. 精彩的，美好的
7、post /poʊst/ n. 邮政，邮件
8、future /ˈfjuːtʃər/ n. 未来，前途
9、company /ˈkʌmpəni/ n. 公司
10、boss /bɔːs/ n. 老板，上司
11、part-time /ˌpɑːrt ˈtaɪm/ adj. 兼职的
12、owner /ˈoʊnər/ n. 主人，所有者
13、indeed /ɪnˈdiːd/ adv. 确实，真正地
14、give up /ɡɪv ʌp/ phr. 放弃

【重点短语搭配】
1、because of
含义：因为，由于
用法：后接名词或代词，不可接从句；与because（后接从句）区分。常用于说明原因，写作中可替代简单的for。
例句：He was late because of the heavy rain.（翻译：他因为大雨迟到了。）
2、move around
含义：四处移动，奔波
用法：不及物短语，表示频繁改变地点或位置；常与always连用，如be always moving around。
例句：My dad moves around a lot for his job.（翻译：我爸爸因为工作经常四处奔波。）
3、be satisfied with
含义：对……感到满意
用法：后接名词或代词，主语通常是人；反义词是be dissatisfied with。常用于表达评价或感受。
例句：The teacher was satisfied with my homework.（翻译：老师对我的作业感到满意。）
4、try one's best
含义：尽某人最大的努力
用法：后接to do sth.，强调尽力而为；同义词do one's best。常用于鼓励或建议。
例句：You should try your best to finish the job.（翻译：你应该尽最大努力完成这项工作。）
5、make friends
含义：交朋友
用法：常用短语make friends with sb.（与某人交朋友）；friends不可省略。常用于社交场景。
例句：She made many friends at school.（翻译：她在学校交了很多朋友。）
